Mine. Sale since Tuesday. EK was k
The highlight of my rewards
My rewards are okay compared to last week. But still no walkout. Believe so far had one F...
Just under hours of session = k How's it going with you?
We play these with them. Ingame other constellations that this is only for chemistry. IV shall nebe...
I don't think you can complain
Today's game will be decided by strikers, Rashica (SVW) against Werner (BVB) ...
I got Digne in red and pulled in the inform pack and pulled out of the k pack of rivals he Van Basten ...
Today Rivals Rewards, I'm curious. What have you pulled into your rivals or WL Rewards? Let's see if I can...
Ligue POTM today at o'clock as SBC!
Solid rewards I would say 🤠 Gameplay is not playable at the moment but if the gameplay is playable again...
So my team is already ready for the next WeekendLeague!
Hey, who has improvement tips, thanks Budget are k
In the other packs it didn't get any better 🥺
EA has been this Thursday really indulged DR Gold Div and in the Untradepacks Costa, Eriksen and...
For silver I am satisfied Packs were rather garbage best was James Rodriguez and Telles. …
Team for the WL stands
Gold gives once apparently...
If you notice after minutes that you have pulled something violent hat🧐 The last WL unfortunately due to the qualifier n...
I love ! and are the best examples of how Crossplay can work. And sad...
*"Whistle" challenges us to revenge! Will it be that exciting again? We're already polishing...
I am LIVE with !
Opened my rewards by app, then Invest Stream tonight! Ps. Just pulling shit.
Tonight Fifa Division and Weekend League Rewards and some games.
The k are reached! Many thanks to my community! Thanks for your support, I'm just happy to have you...
I just play the WL with Schalke Team. It'll perform fine, I'll tell you.
First icon in thank you ...
Who wants to do some training games in he mode? DM me
FIFA : Will the Ultimate Cream event come on Friday? via
Can't watch the stream until it's finished, something else came up. How were your rewards? ️
First my brother is banned by EA (because of cheatens (so he is happy if he gets the computer on)) and now...
My Weekend League Rewards are online and a lot has happened. Come and have a look and let contr...
Not only AI Defending is back and makes the gameplay casual friendly again, no the fucking menus have been fucked...
Quite happy with the rewards. Now I've fetched Makelele, which should remain stable for some time. V…
My RTG team for the next Weekend League. I'm damn proud not to have spent a dime. Next thing you know...
is incoming! In cooperation with us we participate today in the Qualifier of the Draftstory Cup II! target is...
ÜV? Or also an investment for the potential ligue A SBC ? For under K then buy up K offer. No % sic...
REWARDS DAY! Follower and open my rewards, come LETS GO! …
Now I'm barely k on the TL, which is really a lot for me. Sell them all now and wait until Friday...
I'm running out of patience. (of course I didn't press "pass")
The main thing is that the AI in Squad Battles always plays Drop back Depth ... everything done right EA
mio transfer proceeds cracked
Rival's rewards are going in
My best Player Picks in Fifa
Elite 🤔 In k pack, player than besten‍️ Elite was worth it again |...
I just want to show you that most people here don't itch.
My first red card. What did you draw?
k pack + Player Picks = Satisfactory! Inform Packs = Flop! Let's see how I can improve my team...
Had annoyed me about silver and only one pick connected with it. But as you can see, one pick is enough, too...
I believe my best team by far I've ever had.
Gold tastes
Wijnaldum simply was not granted to me, too bad What did you have so?
x he rating at the Player Picks ️ IF Packs I will not open
My WL team is at 🤔
yaaaaaa drawn
When Gold Regulates Again Thanks
Yay!!! Gold3 has blown! &ltchautch at the Goat times by!
The Fitness Glitch has been patched! Right at the Rewards you can buy the fitness tickets for the under...
Watch on YouTube!!! Your rewards in livestream!!! Link in organic
Don't forget to fill the club with + players before the clock today!
There's a new podcast. Experience how a young Fifa player concretely plans his Fifa career...
Division Rivals, Gold, Rare Electrum Pack. You can also have some luck 🥳 ...
Borrow with option to buy. Illogical morality of the team. Players don't get sold. Interviews and player conversations...
Even virtually, the picture reporters can't let the Thiago hunt go.
The k Pack of Division Rival rewards got it out.
This week was only enough for rank in division for lack of time. From the untrade packs was the best Pull Busque...
For a short time in our shop: FIFA PS4 NEW for .99 Euro!!! …
Dear FIFA God. If you exist, give me Wijnaldum as Player Pick &amp; ca. k proceeds from the packs
️REWARDS DAY️ wschl is currently not out of place at Division Rivals. Therefore probably ranked , DIV . abiotic
List What is the best tactical instruction for the list? Both on balance? 🤔 …
Hi Do you have any questions about OBS or Bots? We'll be glad to help you! Joint on my ...
Wow. Wow. If there's any need left, I'm afraid that's where we could strike.
Good Luck at the Rewards Stream starts around 0 o'clock. We chat everything else then immediately...
Hey, you did a great job with the first owner jobs in Rivals, NOT! Only sweaters and...
That's what it looks like. I like it!
Let's see what the day brings! ... Weekly proceeds at market opening approx. k!!! - Tonight from :30...
Which choreos jerseys and so on do you have?
Moin people in bin mega curious whether the sweating was worthwhile
for all those who haven't noticed DESHALB is better than
This bunker's starting to suck. In the team overview it was still a -4-2 ingame then felt a -1-2....
Tonight live on Twitch, my Gold Rewards + Division Rivals Rewards! Who's there? …
Yeah, I'm starting to feel the game.
Who probably just had the wonderful idea instead of going to sleep to play a few hours of Division rivals where...
So now, for example, you'll also be playing professional soccer through fifa? 🤔 Well then I'm going to gamble
Gnabry?? Coutinho??? And Müller häää what did I miss EA ?
🇵🇱🇺🇸 Robert (31), do FC Bayern Munich e Weston (21), do Schalke , são os dois jogadores...
Have CL cards not been removed?
BASTIAN SCHWEINSTEIGER . Requisitos en webapp. ️️…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Peter Schmeichel ICON Swap SBC Reward via
I'm still LIVE with !
I've never been so fucked up by Fifa as I am now. Yeah, the servers are trash, but it's up to me. I play...
A few more points to the Weekend League. The last of these will follow tomorrow. And in the Squad Battles it currently sees...
Germany&amp; named in RB Leipzig&amp; eSports team
Hello Please get the game on the line. I beg you... I do not know...
SBC - EA treats you to a good time!!!
Tomorrow on announcement Wijnaldum IF in red. Please grant or I will kick my monitor...
Still!
How to bring every opponent to Ragequit️
Just DC get at :1 lead in Rivals at the decisive moment around the ascent, nothing has stopped,...
Small train of thought, start on Friday Scream, your shopping tour tomorrow could end negative. I'm not...
+++ Results of the evening +++ Thanks for your again hammer support &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 ▶️Wiederholung:...
Bastian Schweinsteiger EOAE SBC completed
You could turn it into an Olympic sport! 🥵 Impossible to snipe him without Bot. …
Guys. Quick question. CD of FIFA15 in case of FIFA16 CD of FIFA16 in case of FIFA17 CD of FIFA17 in case of FIFA17 in case of FIFA15 in case of FIFA16...
With which team do you make a career? (Apart from Schalke and Osnabrück)
Since the vote was very tight and I still need players for my team, I hit the stream at Ha...
"Fifa " in test: Better football field than Allianz Arena -
Can't you get into the webapp?
BREAKING Horst will also keep an eye on the Turkish salute scandals.
Is it just me, or has every .Pass been intercepted since the patch?
Me at the WL on Saturday.
Schweinsteiger is op as cm in
LIVE!!! [XBox1] FIFA Pro Club Wednesday! Members Search !!! Come in and join us. ...
x for k missed but the one for k I take with me
Does anyone "feel" the changes in career mode? Notable changes ?
No more mass investment 🤯
Moin People, the .PuDiTo game day, with Fifa as the game, was played to an end today. If you want to know if...
My thoughts about the Champions League top games and normal top games
Register now Live &gt; [PS4/PC]Icon SwapTournament! | Chill &amp; Talk RTG!esports socialme...
[ ] I could win the first place with my partner on the matchday of the league today...
Last Gyme unit completed before tomorrow's trip to Krefeld. I'm up for the . Let's see how...
"How many players do you want in the back to defend?" % The Division Rivals or WL opponents:"All...
Are the Division Rivals Rewards actually coming tonight at night or together with the Weekend League Rewards in the morning?
Pooh... done with the nerves! Next month then, right?
Welcome Roberto Carlos! I'm looking forward to this guy!
Divison Rivals is % worse than WL What's for goals falling sick
Small mass investment for them top games tomorrow. ManU-Liverpool should come, or EA? …
From the elite rewards comes tomorrow the totw pack. Open or wait?
Good evening dear people before I go to work baller fast another announcement on the weekend will be streamed again...
um... Has anyone noticed any difference in gameplay after the patch? 🧐
Today it's all about Division Rivals. Rank is the goal. Do you think I can handle it? See for yourself ...
welcome to trading tips : this man is at the wheel so get his manager card for plus...
Do you have questions about or bots? We'll be glad to help you! Joint on my
ℹ️ ' The new one is now available! View now
FIFA is undoubtedly more realistic than FIFA and therefore also a better "football simulation". But I personally...
The one after the international break! ️ • (90) 🇵🇱 • (90) 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 • (86)…
Not my day in fifa '( points nocg then quali packed patch is funny somehow
I've just ordered no more buck on your rotze you can also make it with every update file...
The fifa gameplay is so inconsistent... it either feels very very good or mega cumbersome the k...
I don't think it's perfect either, but when someone writes that Fifa was better, I feel like I'm being kidded....
Sule and Lucas are such a sick defense... Have taken only through their positional play Mbappé complete tips....
In less than minutes, Weston will be picked up.
Even in FIFA, the evil Turks salute. 🤬🤬
Now live in our ger Cup on
When does the BuLi-POTM come out? ️
Just heard a report from in on. I mean, the packs are a matter of luck/game because you never...
The team of the week is here! For fans of Bavaria and Schalke there are special delicacies. And there is a...
Week How's the grind going with you?
Okay, since some people would rather like the stream in the evening, I will design the survey a little differently. So wan...
Has anyone actually noticed that does not exist as a map at all in ? 🤣 Mir and...
First rune in the trophy... Let's play Fifa career ++ .FC Kaiserslautern ...
Since the worst bugs have probably been fixed in career mode, I will start a career today. 🤔
Since the new patch is now the third time with me in irregular intervals supported (Career...
What happened to Mertens?
I'm live! We'll start with Fifa, see what we play afterwards. …
First headfit unit is over Now training is underway
QUALIFIED for FUT Champions Cup / Online Qualifier Gameplay / FIFA Ultimate Team
Live! Iconswap, against you, this is the
This is available today from :00 o'clock. recommends as his top pick of the week. The P...
Starting from clock is lost again with Fifa ️
Everything fixed, no problem at all...
Austria's best players can still be seen live on Sky! Sky continues the successful TV partne...
Anybody who has Velazquez, he can't be found at .1K! Had some invested for coins bid!...
New video
The video to And plus a few clips are online on Check it out ...
running
New Team Any suggestions for improvement?
NEW Video ⬇️ LOSED Manchester City against Schachter Donetsk and the still icy WINTER... How this turns out,...
Premium SBC Bastian Schweinsteiger Player Review (88 Overall)⬇️
Patch- nice totww- Well, there's really nothing awesome about it, is there? 🤓
FIFA20 de R1 ve ücgen isaretine basarak , Asker selamini verebilirsiniz 🇹🇷 If you want to play at FIFA20 on R1 + triangle, please...
Team Update The first icon must be here
My TOP from the new in . he McKennie from is what for every BL RTG team .
Playing today at 30:00, and again. live
Anyone who pulls a red Navas Inform tomorrow is likely to put it on his team. The only...
So now it's awesome that everything is patched, but also embarrassing how much you had to patch, that shows the...
I was really under the impression that the inform exceeded the POTM? Anyone have an opinion?
The gold players with the strongest upgrades:
+ for only .99 Euro at Amazon!
meets 🤝 Inside the holy halls, the Kids Club boys have agreed on a game of...
Who do you want for your team? Kick it! ️ That's for sure.
And all the fans of the after that in so:
Let's see who's starting tomorrow in the picks. 🤔
the new one tonight in the packs
⭐️ TOTW ⭐️ Who would you most like to be friends with? The only card I wish for in my rewards is...
My condolences to everyone who made Lewandowski POTM. Now comes the Inform with the same stats
Schalke professional explains: "This is the problem with the gameplay at FIFA ...
Hope the lozano investors have cashed out ... Good luck tomorrow. Not the hit, but you take it with you.
+++ Pack of four +++ Tournament on 0.2019 Streamstart :15 o'clock Link Twitch:...
Cashout Time!! EK - VK - Unfortunately I only gave it to you once. Treat yourselves to the prize if you have it! …
Here is the new one in . For a TOTW after an international break not the best, but nevertheless some...
🇵🇱 Lewy 🇳🇱 Wijnaldum Kane Looks better than last week. Thiago Silva IF will rise. Jedi
This is how the Team of the Week at FIFA looks from TOTW via
The map in the ZM
Well, it's not the big one - but two, three exciting cards are included
New
Leaks were right again
I'll get a new PS4 controller and test the new patch afterwards. I'm really curious about the...
The one after the international break! With 🇩🇪, 🇵🇱 and ! …
A duo made it into the -- of. Congratulations to (...
Mooooin Mbappé 🇫🇷🥰 My most expensive player so far that I got in my RTG Now Neymar and Mbap are the most...
All right, all right, let's get out of here. All thoughts, of course... wishes... But ibra Scream 🆘️ With mart...
Tomorrow clock starts! This will be exciting, horny and above all funny! For participants and Zuschauer🤣 ...
Skills from hell i know^^ Come EA Sports bring Frank as sbc card for the boost values. I'll be curious when...
Then we test the good EOE Schweini in if it is its k value 🤔Hab btw. from the packs Lewand...
I have now so often lost a lead in the Icon Swaps because bullshit happened that I decided to...
I'm currently planning my team for the next WL Which defense do you find better? 🤔 LaLiga or Bundesliga...
The new update is more snot than anything else before
So that's why you lose? And yes that went in the minute. % scripted...
I'm gonna kill myself, I just walked into a fucking rival game with Fitnnes. HELP!
Unfortunately much too expensive... And perseverance is really an impertinence.
That you didn't have to worry about fitness at the beginning was a good thing. Through the Patc...
To the Schalkers ⬇️ - 🇺🇸 McKennie
Unfortunately, Ayhan is not in the
We're getting ready for the Bundesliga. With a new CUP. …
FIFA | VOLTA STORY Episode : We're playing Vinicius Jr.! Watch ► episode: …
Since the latest patch now post hits per game. Just bring out a balanced game... Can do...
more small sales! Both bought in addition and the price minimally raised Gönn still a big deal Tuesday ...
is the bad FIFA for years. When a broken monastery man catches up with a fresh promes. Where is there...
goes From now on we are going with our team Haching eSports to the start All...
Shot and parade aid still on manually. Why don't they do something about it?
We are in the stream up to geriveld power immoment real fun to stream with you
‍ | TRAINING If you're not up for it but still want to test the new update -...
FIFA TOTW Predictions: The fifth team of the week could look like this ...
has more delay than the BER, and that means something.
FUT points now also for PC with % discount - shoot your bargain now at Instant !...
A really good game (just the . half)!! …
My current information about ⬇️ - 🇵🇱 Lewandowski - Kane - 󠁿🇪 Gündogan - 🇩🇰 Flattery - 🇳󠁥...
+50k deal + small livestock makes shit too! Alex Sandro (90k) &amp; Alex Telles (5.8k) will be bought later! Sokratis is...
Flattery in
Prediction the Scream cards produce divided opinions. What do you think of that?
Kane &amp; Flattery 󠁿🇰
FUT: Get Bastian Schweinsteiger as "End of an Era" card.
⬇️ - 🇩🇰 Flattery - Kane - 🇳󠁥🇱 Wijnaldum
Well well. leaks ahead! 🇩🇰 Flattery Kane 🇳󠁥 Wijnaldum
before the patch the game is shit and after the patch nothing has changed and it still is shit
Small update after one week: is "ok". I mainly play it with friends on the same team (Pro Clu...
or last chance is... It's over! all jokes aside... Which team do you find best or even have you noc...
Update 5 for is now also available on PS4 and Xbox One.
I am curious which changes the update will bring us. I hope it's a step forward.
The title update is now available for PS4, Xbox One and PC. More info
Patch is now also available on the consoles ⬇️
------ &gt; &lt; &lt; I'm------- live on Twitch we'll make it on Draft which he...
The new video is online and you are welcome to check it out!
The title update is now available for PS4, Xbox One and PC. More info
+++ FIFA NEWS +++ The new PATCH (4) is now out for the CONSOLEN!
Title update now also available for PS4 and Xbox
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Get your daily free WebApp sign-up bonuses! 🇬🇧 Get your daily free WebApp l...
Super to the point!
Bought in the summer to play against buddies. Now I notice that playing online again Monthli...
It comes out so much horny stuff in the next time ‼️ Season , the new games from and...
This is the first Icon Swap at FUT : Icons, Tasks and Rewards - Tonight News
How gross did Neymar get? The profit tastes in any case 🥰
ProClubs prohibit the use of bright colours on individual jerseys. Expropriate creator immediately. Preventing eye cancer.
The version in FIFA is so simple
FIFA TOTW Predictions: What the fifth team of the week could look like - Tonight News
Please read
My second team any improvements?
New Fifa video at the start. …
FirstÜV deal of the day. Yesterday adjusted the list. Let's see how it goes. Hope good. Ek k ...
Just a Lehmann observed and once again a coin pusher discovered. makes, nevertheless, please again rei...
Maybe gold again this weekend? 🤔
My first wanted ÜV sale! Not re-bought! Profit circa k
What do you think of this TOTW prediction? Today at clock - clock runs again the stream! Hopefully rising...
What does the update look like?
clock in the morning and the servers of have an even bigger delay than on the day as such can be possible...
With the best track.
Last second of injury time. You got any of that when you go for a corner in the . minute min breu...
Hector Bellerin snip nOW Bought: -8.5K Sold: -10K️ …
What's up, guys? KOKE you can now snipe between -9K and you can resell it for -10.5K you can also sell mac...
END OF ERA' pig riser SBC CHEAPEST SOLUTION - pig riser premium SBC Cheap
I find it very interesting in the gaming scene there are currently groups .group .group...
No. ...What a sweat...Greetings btw to Allan Saint Maximin who in his first game for me although he eig. nu...
Skill value at . Should still be air up sein🤫
For not bad
Squad Battles always makes you happy! Besides, there were some good results. I'm going to do this a...
Hello. Yeah, I know the SBC cost me half my organs. Nevertheless, I find that this Kar...
Good week so far. Top should be possible next WL. 🤔
Mittenwald
A new video is online. Have a look around
So i mainly trade right now. had both on the team both are real start. thiago for k bought atal for k....
If it goes on with FIFA like this, I won't play it anymore and I will LÖSCHEN FIFA + FUT Club. I've got a mouth like that...
Days time? I needed days lel
Bastian Schweinsteiger is in an IV. (on his normal card)
A thank you goes out to the gentlemen who buy my fitness cards for coins
Do all my opponents just look at every goal and every repetition in full length? Whether Rivals, WL, Draft....
To all players, I'm tending between icon swap options. I like &amp;2 pretty good but &amp;4 also ok. pc
C.a k Profit Filter: Icons Midfielder (Can also be used to filter...
football god
Do you need an overlay, badges or logos at a fair price? No problem, joint on our ...
Anyone who has invested in Steffen, send the SBC to FUTBIN and call 'Steffen is the Key'! And then off...
I'm live on Twitch - Watch me under
FIFA20 Bastian Schweinsteiger SBC～
The first end of an era map in is here: Per Squad Building Challenge can make the career of Bastian...
Live! Hazard sale -&gt; new team build icon swaps grind ⭐️ will later draft ️
Conclusion to the pracc day have made many line up mistakes that have changed after three games now I have my man...
Who created the SBC, please? I think the price is completely over the top.
These four ball artists have given themselves two pretty entertaining vs2 matches. You can have them...
Do you have trouble playing FUT?
more realistic than ever! In the Bundesliga there's no penalty for that either ...
What do you want me to buy?
FIFA have so many goals scored that a lead with one goal to the end is a safe defeat.
But Holland I can't
It really hurts in your wallet, but it's BS31 football god.
Today a little FIFA20 and CSGO. Get that. …
Unfortunately I did not expect the Schweinsteiger today Trzd comes a good profit from k after deductions! …
Clock live again!
Schweinsteiger - extremely overpriced... what says ?
The moment when I see the Schweini Sbc : And then....
Will gamers be watched soon?
After almost a month it actually happened... My first free-kick
When are the next tokens for the icons coming?
Prediction of My Wish Players for the Player Picks: 🇵🇱 Lewy 🇳🇱 Depay 🇳🇱 Wijnaldum ️...
I'm sorry, but this card is an insult to the career that Schweini has laid down... a Totti, who has...
Today it's all about Division Rivals. Whether I rise in rank and perhaps also the division rise manage ...
My first tournament this year to see how it goes &lt;3
Here's the Dynamic Image! Looks good, but doesn't justify the price.
Bastian Schweinsteiger finds una era ya disposable and
Bastian Schweinsteiger Premium SBC The price is so high! ~ /250k ⏰6 Days Time x Mega Pack...
Is Roberto Carlos worth it? Can rate the guy... HELP!!
x85 teams for a player who can only play in squad battles. Must go absolutely free ‍️
If you're up for a bit of sniping in the evening, here are a few good players ⬇️ - 🇧🇷 Marcelo &lt;34k - 🇩🇪 Hummels &lt;...
ℹ️ ' The Bastian Schweinsteiger end of an era SBC is now available in the end! More from there...
Schweinsteiger end of an era SBC requirements are already blatant
Professional talks in an interview about the qualifier at the weekend and...
best man
It was clear. gg Who's stocked up
Search partner for Hamburg championship of the - Played for a real football championship of the...
How's the grind going with you? Division is great and currently you meet a lot of opponents who...
A legend retires. The end of an era SBC is now live at 🤩
After two days streaming break it goes on today Later we will relax the Icon Swaps Challeng...
🇧🇷 Marcelo is currently sniping very well for &lt;34k
Victory for Tim and vs2 congratulations, boys!
Friday from :00 on a birthday, Saturday from to work clock, Sunday goes to Cologne - SCP. Sorry, Weekend League.
Why? One after the other and then he too...
Shirai in shows more often yellow than I my unlimited residence permit in girls.
MY TOP FORMATIONS VS PROS &amp; ELITE PLAYERS IN QUALIFIER! These three formations &amp; tactics I have only...
🆕🤩 Meet our new goalkeeper! Welcome, Marc-André🇩🇪
Who has more Packluck in ?
My first sales! Now build the ÜV list
From professional kickers in to world rescuers in and : The ...
⬇️ NEW Video ⬇️ At the MATCH Atlético Madrid vs. Juventus Turin, there is a GAME at AUGENHELHE... or makes the MATCH Atlético...
Our teams for the vs2 ️ We are LIVE from 0 a.m. Here's the way to the Twitch livestream ...
The Weekend League summary of my first Top100 in ! I'm going to focus on what I'm...
Someone's experience with Garrincha, right?
PlayStation Pro incl. FIFA as FREE premium for lifestrom Strom &amp; Gas rates ...
Weekendleague Ergebnisse‼️ :0 .qualifier :3 :1 :1 congratulations...
/12 How many swap players have you been able to collect &amp; which ones are you going to? I'm gonna get the...
The new dynamic potential in has me partly really surprised because players with high potential simply...
Sub Games Livestream now Live!
First of the season with high German participation.
At .99 € for (thanks to -Euro voucher) you would have also hit, wouldn't you? OR?
What about this week?! Maybe - Today / Tomorrow - Flashback Today - Thursday- Potm Ligue A Friday - Po...
I'm live with you against you and this the 🤪
The starting signal for the season was given at the weekend Whoever wants to make the jump to the first...
From 0 o'clock there's a vs2 of Khaled and Tim against and...
Good luck tonight! Here in a special gift waits for you! Got it...
Hey people seriously, when do you get to play a game that is without any mistakes?...
The new video is now online. In this video I show you my controller &amp; camera settings in ....
Attention friends: The fitness bug is fixed, the way it looks. So get fitness cards again.
If you still can't set any standards in I would recommend you take a look at the blog of...
I think my hand is broken.
Special offer: PS4 Pro + FIFA20 bonus! …
Excitement at the qualifier for the Cup in Bucharest: Some professionals criticize their fellow players and...
After the season, the title goes into the second Bundesliga
It's about time! ️️ The new season starts on . November! All information about the Virtual B...
If you still have start difficulties in I would recommend you to have a look at the blog of...
The UK charts from last week: still at the top, followed by GC: Breakpo...
These players have dismantled.
Three Austrian eSportsmen have qualified for the offline event in Bucharest.
Is the patch already out for PS4 ?
' Here you find current news about Battle Royale, , , and ! "You...
Those who deliberately relegate to Rivals just to make it easier with the Icon Season tasks have never loved FIFA
Livestream running, come over! First Elgatostream! And thinks d...
Trading w/ &amp; To all who have offered Steffen for - coins, in masses he can now be...
I really tried, but it's just the biggest slurry. You can't play it, it makes you...
Oh, it's just FCA, apparently.
You can now register for the third training tournament. ⤵️ - 0.2019 - :00 o'clock ...
It's time. Have we relegated to the te league or are we still in the Bundesliga??
My teammate and I will sign the jerseys. We're going to be cool, but I'll tell you one thing:...
Yesterday my first stream! Permanent spectators, and followers made! It was really nice yesterday! Today at o'clock...
Just so climbed... although he has not played crassly anyhow EK:200K speak a horny almost k DEAL 🥰...
Tim Latka is a guest during the week and talks about Pay2Win in . That should...
Thank you for .06 million Follower Man of course not man..... makes me the w...
And how many tokens do you have?
I can hardly believe it: there is a career patch that even supposedly works.
First of all sorry for the quality... but that describes too well, luck for me times but simply typical...
What I think is really great is that you need fitness cards again and that at Division Rivals you finally have all the...
️🥅 Who still has problems with scoring goals in, should indulge in the 🆕 video of ...
The first YouTube video of is online Check it out, leave a follow there and check out how Richard...
FIFA | VOLTA STORY Episode : Off to Brazil! Watch ► episode: …
New patch apparently coming soon on PS4/Xbox One. Looks very good at least once. I really hope that I can...
Today it's rather semi-good
Update 5 for PC is here, improves the career and fixes the fitness glitch.
Good game.
A few players at noon who are currently good snipers ⬇️️ - 🇮🇹 Chiellini &lt;32k - 🇧🇷 Gabriel Jesus &lt;28k - 🇮🇹 I...
Title Update No. - over 00 characters:
Anybody got an idea for a mio team?
Always remember: What you want your people to have is in truth exactly what is happening in your life...
Moin Leute bin heute Abend mit apex und fifa wieder live kommt rein und schreibt auch ruhig was bin gesprächsber...
With the fourth title update EA SPORTS is going to make a big hit. The numerous changes relate to and...
The new and now third season is just around the corner. Sign up, join our team and get a...
Why do I win one day ganix, but the other day I win games in a row. I'm shooting this year n...
Shots and passes are now executed faster because it wasn't the delay but the animation... I'm gesp...
Oops... Hello, Griezi!!
To the FIFA players. Any suggestions for improvement?
Dortmund mentality? What's going on here? …
After I have applied the method to trade of; days = k gain
Are you interested in viewer games? Then be sure to turn it on at the crack of dawn. It's worth stopping by, there are...
Please undercut all of you when you sell your team fitness on the weekend I'll be there then
Was the right decision not to take me. In the beginning everybody talked nice and now...
Offense wins Games, Defense wins Championships. This old wisdom also applies to the career mode. But which ab...
Fresh new entries in the 🇩🇪 bestseller lists: ► ️ comes after one week to over half a million ex...
In Germany/6h: . . . . .
A fat new patch is here! In the . Patch the series there are other gameplay improvements. Besides, finally...
Annoying, just wanted to hit k in Teamfitness again yesterday Which of you had invested?
Meet me as I play with sleeping baby on my arm and win.
I used FIFA19 for the first time. I felt I sold more with the method than with normal O...
If you are ill you can concentrate on important things, namely team fitness cards to buy cheap bevo...
When you wake up and see that EA has patched the career mode:
Hasn't anyone really noticed what it looks like?
Team fitness already at Coins. Will be patched soon. Everything else you can read here -
Trading tip Stefan savic offers or sniped you. Best for -1000 coins and sell it for coins s...
This is currently my team - free2play
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Get your daily free WebApp sign-up bonuses! 🇬🇧 Get your daily free WebApp l...
Fitnessbug is fixed after the update
Who has desire can show me his team times I'm curious about your constellations
Do I then have to start a new career for the changes to take effect?
Imagine if you were the worst player in the game.
Professional footballer AND now also - professional - best lives
The boys from Bauen, they're putting on something fat right now. If you are talented in and want to have a...
Title update for is now live for PC and follows promptly on consoles. Among other things with many adaptation...
The professional soccer player represents at the side of ....
Headers in are so useless. EA, please know your gameplay better and don't have any tasks to do...
You thought the mini-games from gibt´s were just virtual? Immediately ⃣ Foals presented themselves to the...
Congratulations, , &amp; to each winning a game Sales Award in September for...
I'm relieved to see that I'm not the only one who is experiencing startup difficulties in hatte️ From now on, I'll be...
No new picture in UK: continue to place before and ...
-: Today, the stars of the box target shooting match each other. Who rocks at the R...
-3 in the WL Team can be played in the -4-2 extremely nice hope with you it also went well ...
The . WL not even played to the end, because simply makes no sense For that a mega relaxed weekend without F...
Can you ever have enough controllers at home? We make you fit for the kickoff: Grab a /DualShoc...
Hi Do you have any questions about OBS &amp; Bots? We'll be glad to help you! Joint on my ...
Good morning 🤠 The Bronze Pack and I are now best friends 🥰
The first two sales of the day. Lloris has changed again directly from the starting eleven to the happy buyer. K…
If I could defend him, the game would be a little better.
mMn is anything but e-sport ready. When I see what was going on with the qualifiers, I can only...
If anyone else needs a good silver player for the weekly tasks, I recommend him here! …
That's what you like to win a draft for.
MLS POTM Carlos Vela, overall, SBC! Let's Play FIFA20 Ultimate Team ️ For more info, follow me on Twit...
Would say Tech Avion works this year
Sergi Roberto: x ~ ~ sold, ,300 profit He is and remains my favorite investment ...
I'm finishing my . Weekend League with a very miserable performance. In the end, I got Wins...
Couldn't open my squad battles rewards until tonight. But EA has once granted for that. …
is so broken that I now already get the trophy sniper with a normal gate, although you...
Question to the Fifa Streamer: Is it worth it to make Pirlo as ICON at the swap deals or who would you prefer?
If computer games would instigate anything, I would have already trained my roommate with a football or...
No. and are here. Juuuuunge. Since I have hardly pack Luck brutally with First Owner in the DIV4.
Better too late than not at all! Here are our WL results from the week !
After the disappointing qualifier it's going really well again and I have the feeling the more I play the more I play the more I...
It's getting slow. Not yet perfect but trade only since Fifa20
One of my most beautiful goals so far in sounds stupid after the WL but Rival's gameplay makes mega a lot of fun...
in seconds. When you get lucky, the others get more.
+++ Day +++ Results Repetition: ...
Miroslav Klose is unreal on
Key player injured 🤕Hertha Career mode via ...
Have fun with a small pack of Eeriment! 🤪🤣 ️ To the video:
I just looked at the Bundesliga table. . . Matchday . Union, . Mainz, . Dortmund. Have I wondered the A...
[XBox1] Pro Club Monday !! !!! Members Search !!! -Look in, join in-- and LIGHT with -- -- ...
New video on YT checks out
Back2Back -2, but this week unfortunately no top because my skill value is too bad. Weekend League run...
I am still missing good points for the qualification out of frustration from the last match, I still burned myself, but I played big...
Hornets ESports is looking for YOU! You play passionately &amp; well Fifa and want to achieve more in online tournaments, for example...
Guys it happened on our RTG in gezogen🤘 unforgettable moment you can hardly describe...
don't you? ️ How would you decide? 🤔
Wesley If has already become the . Sold times Can only recommend Tech Avion to anyone! Now stood approx. k professional...
My best deal so far in I think Timmy and Tommy are investing heavily right now
Derby winner after defeat in first leg Paco&amp;Marco
EA-Server once again on Point. Division Rivals game turns into a surprise ball game. 🤦‍️
. Fifa out of kilter - I thought I had changed after years without Fifa... …
After two Weekend Leagues with :2 each and a qualifier for the first FUT Champions Cup in Bucharest, I had to...
Yeah. I would say... It's on.
Tech avion list gamacht, right after minutes Özil away. 🤑
Stream now starts with . Look up,
To all who invested in Velazquez! Can sell him now for .7K! …
On which keepers do you actually orientate yourself with such a game development ? Kreisliga B, Sunday night...
We're live! Marcel tries himself today in on and without or . Well, if...
Very cheaply completed
About to empty my transfer list. x Ibra EK = &gt;6k / VK = k x Barella EK = k / VK = 5k Ma...
At approx. o'clock there's a pack opening in later then still a little with the look...
Got my squad battle rewards today... Dude! Okay, I think and I'll be friends who are...
UK Charts Top Video Games KW42
If you're wondering if I'm streaming today: You can bet your ass it's true ️ After the internationals!
So there you have the shit. Now I'll show you!!!! And the community just doesn't learn. A Vollhans a...
We take off and start the stream chillig with and then fly with an A321 from Porto to Frankf...
Let's play Fifa career ++ .FC Kaiserslautern ...
More beautiful grind has been perfect for an RTG
Skill moves in do not have to be complicated. There are also very simple special movements in the execution,...
The whole night daddeln and today at noon shortly after getting up at clock the Com tell how "horny" the...
HELP! Since yesterday, I've had abortions in Division Rivals. Fut Champions not yet. Have a very g...
Is it worth getting fifa now?
it is and I will go in a few minutes and open a round....
people Does anyone know a good support group? First comes and now I get so 'ice-cold' Haterkomm...
It's exhausting to infiltrate these swap players. I got off DIV1-DIV4 from...
Our VBL left defender of the last season will be ️⃣0️⃣ Happy birthday, Andreas! From No...
Trading w/ Anyone who offered it for coins can now sell it for .2K!...
Who next to Son in ST? (4-2-2-2) ZOM -&gt; Lucas, Ben yedder
Icon Swaps tasks grind Road to Glory sweat ...
ÜV Weekly Overview No.
Not the best results. But with this team currently not really easy... Must take us to the Weekend Leagu...
flavour flavour
Today at clock there is a new episode Trading Tips of the Week for euch️ Who has Bock?
Honestly, this one looks really nice.
Currently good players to snipe ⬇️ - 🇫🇷 Saint-Maximin &lt;11.5k - 🇨🇴 James Rodríguez &lt;6.5k - 🇧🇪 Nainggolan &lt;7k - 🇫🇷...
From now on in ️
Who is the best at ?
So I think this Fifa cover is much better than the original! What do you think? …
Penguin-Tournament - The top favourite is coming! Only a few more hours and kicks against the "FC Bayern...
Conclusion Boateng and Pavard inner IV is Top
Oha...Diego will compete for the one in the future.
Online at :00h ⏰. Icons Tasks /Futdraft . evening to end...
That was really unnecessary. But well, we're not pros.
The bra's still in the . HZ aborted.
An amazing weekend for and , who have bought their ticket to Bucharest. Here are...
The cup trembles in Gladbach... and not because of the snow! …
x for -82k bought went already three times for over k ÜV away again times vieeeeeel too little bought.......
:00 Live! We will set ourselves some Icon Swaps tasks! If the game gets too hard on me to piss w...
Worse couldn't have happened. I play wiede
is the worst fifa in a long time... offline and online Thanks € for rough bullshit
+++ Day +++ Tournament on 0.2019 Streamstart :15 o'clock Link Twitch:...
In the . WL of it has also already been enough for a -7. 🤙 Although it has from -2 to -6 over -7 not i...
Here are the results of our eSportsmen! How'd it go with you guys? 🤔 |
You don't need victories. No points. You need gates! Who has the best goal difference will be in April of the FUT...
FIFA Perfect Perfect Perfect Perfectly hit ...
New day, new luck 🤠 Some players you can snipe very well at the moment ⬇️ - 🇫🇷 Sissoko &lt;47k - 🇩🇪 Hummels...
Again for with a -1 and ️⃣ Strong Weekend Leagues, Guys ...
After a pretty fucked up start and a few defeats that were quite questionable, we still have Go...
Which idiot in FUT actually thought up these first owner tasks?!
FIFA | RB Leipzig vs. Dortmund | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /08 Full Match &amp; Gameplay YOUTUBE:...
Does anyone have suggestions for improvement ? Budget about .1Mio. Except Auba and Walcott everything exchangeable... are additional...
I have nothing to post yet here my team: (0€)
This week's gonna be tough. I'm trying to sweat my way into the Weekend League. Be there live. Always here gets you...
How broken is FIFA ? The craziest goals and gameplayails
. could choose the ️. Global Series Event qualifying for was in the group phase...
Now LIVE with some nice matches at Fifa in FUT mode !!! Turn it on and connect the...
The first Rewards video of is online! Is he pulling? 🤔 Find out.
May he give the buyer many gates
Tomorrow watch livestream on YouTube! ▶️
FIFA | VOLTA STORY episode : Specially designed shoes ► Watch episode: …
These are the results of the past . has been published after his retirement from the...
A little live start:
Finished with -7. It's okay, but there would have been more. DC and some unnecessary defeats were there,...
I wanted to thank you again for all the support yesterday and the nice DMs ️ I was overjoyed to see you again...
Is your hype so real about ? I play it from time to time, at the moment rarely but honestly...
The Club Championship returns and starts the . season.
My fears from Rivals and Fut Champs were unfortunately confirmed in the qualifier. The boy is not good at...
If you could exchange CR7 and Gullit for two other players. Who would you take?
I feel you % ! I don't know if my controller would have held up at all. M…
More small üv sales! Slowly but surely things are going uphill! …
If there's a yellow for every little foul (at the end I wanted to make sure that everybody has a yellow only in spite of...
The results of our boys! - /2 - /2 - /3 -…
Today and I have still inserted a session at the console. 🤙 The duel you will find the days on...
If you're subtracted from a year old :0, you're already hating. I can already vers...
Pre-order packs were in any case quite good again ️ How are things with you?
At the first FUT Champions Cup of the season Germany once again has the most players. Among other things h...
Live on the 1.2019 at :15 on the decisive match between and...
Will there be dynamic TOTW cards for the national teams?
From pro-gamer to model! 🤙 And the cameraman like that: Who the fook is that guy? Remember, no matter how often you fail...
Tasty k profit with one player
+++ Ultimate Team League +++ FUTeSL is looking for participants for the first Fifa Ultimate Team Season ! (Platform PS4...
Hello, Trading w/ I enjoyed trading in FIFA, and will continue to do so now...
If you get more from silver than from elite ...
When you've played delay again for a weekend.
Again :7 gespiel but actually a good feeling when playing. Current team and hopefully the coins will be enough...
Here are a few flips from the last few days. All-In vacation at the pool can be so exhausting... kappa
JAAAAAAAAAA QUALIFIED FOR A $00 TOURNIER This weekend saw the first online qualifier of the ...
Just by chance in my first one the bug with the opponent team get. Smart on the Internet according to...
Anyone ever had any experience with Leroy Sane? Would play it in double storm as LS
The one and only positive from the WL I can meanwhile corners 🤠
Enclosed a few more sales Lloris is still from last night. I had snipped Alisson clearly below MW and...
I bought Lozano OTW x for k a few days ago. He's still standing at k waiting or selling? Am m...
What is the fastest way to earn points for the Weekend League Qualifier?
I wish EA would take an example from Epic Games and just like in a black game, I would like to be able to...
Next week, then.
Currently very often for - coins on the market! Glad to take away, often rises because of the nations Pride, the Spaniards...
how could that be improved?! Looks like a dead end to me.
Prediction 🇵🇱Lewandowski 🇰🇷Son 🇧🇦Pjanic 🇩🇪Gündogan 🇩🇰Schmeichel What do you think?
Bolat for up to k resold total k made profit and within a short time 🤷‍ ...
Is Boateng worth it within IV? Or too slow?
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Get your daily free WebApp sign-up bonuses! 🇬🇧 Get your daily free WebApp l...
Live with - Hopefully times good SB elite rewards -Icon swaps grinden -Rating teams -RTG build team...
Last night Bolat bought for up to coins ...
Do loan players count as "first owners" in the icon swap tasks?
With this team I will start the new FIFA week. Just a little breath of fresh air. I have to go to every...
Retweet Please! Trading w/ Become today a list of cheap non rare cards uploading that will be happy to be...
After the WL is before the WL. During the week I look at how I can improve my game style in terms of attack. mi...
-4 after -2 start
My current squad.
The guy's different. He's heavy. Other league simple
-11 Boom young first time in my life gold, after I came in my first WL in Fifa only silver...
Somehow I don't see any differences between the annual Fifa games anymore...
So far no big packs at the Marquee Matchups. That could change this week...Manu-Liverpool, Atl...
Verified
Boy how am I supposed to do duese swap challenges when the connection is garbage in Rivals and then I don't get m...
Today's Web App Packs. Was better last week...
Friends of shooters and strategists are welcome to drop by. ______________________ …
Elite Again Next week we will holler the ️️️ ...
k on the watch. Trading currently on hold but would like to start again. Anyone got any ideas what might work?
After I choked a -1 last week I was able to reach Elite this week and also to get a good start for the...
Friends, we're playing the Weekend League on short notice. Who's in? …
In the last game still the first time packed into Elite think not the ea a horny TOTW gönnt, but...
So last round for today For those of you who don't have to get up early tomorrow, here are some good players again...
Under Bramall lane
Result . Weekend League: -12 Always bitter defeats to cash in on strange scenes. But EA, Momentum...
B2B Gold1 is created in WL So happy ️ ...
Unfortunately at the end Elite still choked. But if you have defeats after games, it's just not easy....
After last week :11 gold fetched this week. the Weekend League was the TEAM. Fun, was probably...
Victories won in the Weekend League I hope I won't fly out because of the stupid Disconnect 🥺
Is it just me or have you not even asked me to play fifa?
No Hate. But I don't understand at best how several major FIFA YouTuber say just a month ago,...
My Man of the Weekend-League for the Second WL in is Alisson! The boy has often in vs1 situations de...
I played the WL on today. Have the feeling that the game me in a quite dangerous way and W...
So fucked up on the servers. I really need to practice holding the ball. Well, at least there's a climb...
instead of games LIVE :3 For repetition:...
End the weekend like last week with -6( x penalty shootout). At the score of -0 earned against...
If you're tired of playing qualifiers for two days, -0 is in FUT Champs and then that happens... It's okay...
Objective achieved: "Winnings in the first WL on console at least one game..... "
WL NR ELITE 🥉 Gameplay was Saturday and Sunday top.
I've never played anything as crappy as Fifa in my whole life. The game is just a joke....
-2 Solid result, but could have been at least one more win opponent had shots and I...
After months silver / gold in fifa , win in the first he WL, today first time ever GOLD2... :11…
Do you think the WL will be extended due to server problems?🤔
Again Elite In the last game of -4 still got the -4. De Jong &amp; Guardiola sugar
-5 Weekend League finished. All defeats avoidable but I don't want now how many players the defeat ...
The first two games in the FPC4 we could win with :0 and :0. GG to the opponents
Bucharest I'm coming... 🤠
Does anyone know how to fix screens? Question for a friend.
. Weekend League in finished with victories, am satisfied! 🥰
Could still get me excited about having missed the penalty in the last game and therefore having Elite gone...
FIFA is just a disaster with the gameplay and these servers!
[XBox1] Pro Club Wednesday!! Members Search !!! Come in and join us. ...
Twitch is just a bit broke, but I'm still live with my other games of the WL ️...
If you need push in times nhn, treat yourself to the playlist!
Today was a good pracc day 🥳 won by matches tomorrow it goes on this week is qualifying for the WL a...
What's that? What's that?
Awesome! Also qualifies for Bucharest We are proud of you, Yannick! Romania we come...
Conclusion . Rather bronze than further play and screen less.
Did I actually tell you that my husband is always really pulled off, and is nasty from the opponents?
We congratulate, and to the qualification! Very strong!
Again only one -7 (2 times lost again in penalty shootout)... I really wonder what EA has against me...
Again this week victories -6 next week we will have the ️️️ ...
In the evening you can always snipe extremely well Here again a few players that currently work well ⬇️ - 🇧🇷 Al...
Short sniping session last night Profit minus EA fees ⬇️ ≈ 00 Coins
Gold won I am satisfied just after a bad start on Friday have now my tactics and formation enjoyed ...
Gameplay in Division Rivals compared to that in FUT Champions
I have rebuilt my team a bit now, because I didn't like lenglet, neto and semedo so much. And I...
Weekend league result!! &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=🤯=- proudly presents
Bucharest 🇷🇴 we are coming! qualifies in the first FUT-Qualifier of the season and will be in November wic...
Morning trailer. Thursday launch. Have fun with you in the future! The FUT COMMUNITY CUP /20! …
This game is a joke...if worse win..gibds also only in fifa gg!!
radicalizes me. Let's see when a good moment comes, freak out. It's our fault.
THREE RED CARDS?!? Let's Play FIFA20 Ultimate Team ️ For more info, follow me on Twitter and get supported...
The Magic SCR and I may go to Bucharest I started -2 and am all the more proud of it on my allerers...
Gold I complete the WL am satisfied
Ooh nice, on top another Disconnect in a WL in which you already go down anyway....
Jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa FINALLY PART I concluded for Butragueño
🤯 | TARGET vs = ️⃣:1 Defeat via Defeat via Verification...
If you want to play the WL in a relaxed way, but want to show your middle finger.
Recommendation for Sunday! How do you become a FIFA professional for unity? 🤔 That and some more in the new version of...
No new SBC's Haue, but still a few players out there, who are currently sniping well
Am I the only one where the servers aren't working right now?
-3 I am not satisfied because I had no concentration after the qualifier.🤢 -0 ~ -1 ~ -3 = -3 ...
This is what we look like for the /20. We can hardly wait for...
The first five Icon Swap players are in the club I'm afraid but the rival games with LaLiga, Serie A and Ligue...
What happens again this week at the qualifiers you can't even put into words. Be it iG or on the Discor...
Old EA Your dirty servers make me get sweaty outbreaks in every game
Because Sunday should be a relaxed day, we let it fade away with a bit of music.
I've already earned my own Swapplayer. Who are you going to get? I wanted to get Nesta first, now I'm all...
Girls! I sincerely thank you for the outstanding support in - it's almost month now and the grind is over!
-3 Elite FUT Verified Always full throttle forward tactics, no bunker better is that 🥰
After we missed plan b yesterday in the qualifier I used the Weekend League today to find it...
Could run better, but I'm happy.
The Swiss round in the first qualifier is over. While our unfortunately by his third defeat out...
From now on I'm a millionaire in
Knockouts! ️ :2 From now on it's all or nothing! My shape is far worse than yesterday's case of a...
Lets gooo! Start with -2! Now we are -2 and thus in the KO phase! Awesome, never would have thought that n...
Ajo quite good for the Firstowner tasks. Gold Upgrade /365
The next players will be at :15 o'clock. If there are new SBCs coming where you can get good packs, you should get ext...
First icon is there, celebrate this event extreme ️ Now it's Road to Rio
The horror is over
All times for the Honorary Brother Votes
-One a week! How about you guys? 🤔
Finish the second time again with gold .....-8 I play well game get along well with the game but i...
Today all ENTSPANNT make the last Weekend League games! Check it out. :30 Online!
WL /13 finished. Last week's performance repeated.
3 Verified
Oh no, it happened! . Round: vs | :4 Overall - GG and all the best for your further S...
Who's in? First I shave you - then I get shaved for free! 🤷‍️
I also won the last round, so I'm going into the knockout phase GEMMA as Top Seed.
-7 and really no buck to continue playing now. Look NFL anyway. I ll make some games in the evening on gold ...
Not enough for elite, unfortunately.
Currently good players to snipe ⬇️ - 🇪🇸 Alba &lt;67k - 🇫🇷 Matuidi &lt;29.5 - 🇩🇪 Goretzka &lt;22k - 🇳🇱 Wijnaldum &lt;20k - 🇨🇱...
FML those were the most disgusting games of the weekend. The servers are for whatever reason to Friday and Saturday Nac...
On Thursday a new community project starts! It is worth it to become a special VIP (from level )! Siche...
Why isn't up?
Finally a home game is on the agenda again! Hertha BSC receives the SC Paderborn.
Do the tasks for the Icon Swaps at the moment, therefore not much runs today... x Lopes EK = &gt;6k / VK = k ...
So, first ready... After a :5 disaster start then still another :11 (17:10) finished, so that gold .......
If you give a speed boost at Ultimate Brandt, it's called a "speed boost.
LETS GO! . . Round: vs | :1 Overall - GG!🤝 One round still until the knockouts survives...
Currently good players to snipe ⬇️ - 🇪🇸 David Silva &lt;23.5k - 🇪🇸 Thiago &lt;17k - Vardy &lt;12.5k Low Budget ⬇️...
My Weekend League is over. I'm very happy about that. After I started sooooo well it stood briefly...
Here we go! Turn it on! Day - WL Part [Road to Follower]
FINALLY with the Chinese Challenge through... So annoying
The gameplay is by far the worst I've ever played. The whole game is just about your...
Awesome. Suddenly it's about worlds better. by won jz. -6. Just so much shooting at the NL. malic
Started yesterday evening with k coins, - watched 3 hours of series and opened by the way bronzepacks -&gt; k ...
Greetings go out to the Telekom had this WL DC - _-
Pooh my friends what for a WL, who would have thought that I stand after :11 now at :14 and thus silver still ...
Gescoutet Found Alexander Breuer (21 years, student from Jena) has the exclusive fan seat in the...
Next hour, next round Current good players to snipe ⬇️ - 🇨🇮 Zaha &lt;27k - 🇳🇱 Wijnaldum &lt;19.5k - 🇧🇦 Pjan...
He's got a record champion - he's taking this thing for the second time! The victory...
It's sad if you go through the min, just because you're behind by min :0!
I decided to upload a ÜV Guide because some of my subscriptions still don't exactly know about it...
FIFA Decisive goal ...
Win also round and am safe in the Knockouts rounds are now still played for seeding...
Follow directly number ️ for from the ? vote only today and get the...
The Qualifier goes for further and that also still successfully! . Round: vs from...
With these proven strategies you will become a FIFA Millionaire in a short time! ️️ ️️…
Always nice! Directly transform corners into
Intermediate score: -2. I got a Def Win in round because my opponent didn't start. I wish you a...
If shooting games produce amok runners, why am I not a professional soccer player ?
I'm starting to feel like I'm getting screwed by EA all the time they're kicking me out while my game's on.
Worst WL in my FIFA history....
With these proven strategies you will become a FIFA Millionaire in a short time! ️️ ️️…
I'm currently at -7, I think I'll leave it like this before I get angry later and get stuck on gold...
In the first place I am simply happy for Mehmet digga
First gentlemen of the NIROXX FC!
Would jmd like to do some training games in the next few days? Just contact me by dm.
Finally yelling at the TV again and smashing the controller.
I am currently -3 in the .
So slowly this topic annoys trading everyone posts his profit, as such a tail comparison madness. It doesn't...
FIFA is the most ridiculous FIFA of all time
We do it again with new That was yesterday neither the right club, nor the right league Therefore, the...
Is the Companion App actually only with me so mega bent ? Can not partially the players on the T...
Cause who I should take from them is indecisive to me.
- Dark Fashion
Clock Fifa time. And yes, what happened?
Next round Current good to snipe ⬇️ - 🇫🇷 Lloris &lt;30k - 🇦🇷 Alejandro Gómez &lt;27.5k - 🇪🇸 Isco &lt;12k - 🇫🇷 Sain...
Gude Loide, for all who don't know how to do anything with themselves on the free weekend - BuLi is available today at...
Come on! DIV is reached. I idiot apparently played with a broken controller where the sprint button wasn't working...
Euro in and no player pulled over k. walkouts= times Navas times Lloris. I'd rather buy ...
the perfect free kick - so your shot transforms every shot! | FIFA FREEKICK TUTORIAL I'll show you my effective...
I would have watched me play earlier, he would have arrested me preventively due to aggression...
After a very successful first qualifier day, today is about the ticket to Bucharest! From :00 o'clock geht´...
And that's when my P.S. Plus ran out...
Today there seems to be a flank into nothingness, although... …
geriatric The icon exchange tasks are virtually impossible for a casual...
I've seldom come into conflict with the security authorities. But that can change quickly now. I zo...
Safe and easy coins making? The best tip! Buy a gold ZM of series A and convert it from ZM to ZOM(...
I started so well in the Weekend League and now I lose every tight game. Even if I had a little...
First sales from today, let's see what else the ÜV Tag has to offer. Another one from the starting eleven - so he's going to...
Who knows?
Daily greetings from the Bronze Pack Never stop thinking
For Stefan, the foreign word "voice" is just no more than a...
My TL. I've already collected this icon swap token, but I can't decide who to take in the end.
This video perfectly describes the gameplay of the WL. Walls, counter where every ball sits opponent was dead in the end...
Yo, where are the updates? Sometimes the game crashes at the very beginning, when I synchronize the profile.
Since it's Sunday and most of them have a bit more time, I'll try to post the players almost every hour...
My son plays a lot of games. I'm afraid I raised a terrorist.
WL No. Xbox (RTG) Fr: -2 (all delayed) Sa: -3 (no delay) So: Victories to Elite
Currently I stand -3 So now again push the last Spiele🤪 ...
Servus &amp; Guten Mittag, we open my Elite Rewards and some more Packs, talk a little about my Unfa...
-5 in the WL. You get that from the servers. I can't really control anything without lying to you. In addition, each passport almost CPU off...
Before next year also appears on the Next-Gen consoles, gives us this year. But i...
Today we are looking for my skill again. Today with Division Rivals / Squad Battles. Likes to get to it ...
Drama in the final stages!
The last game to Elite unfortunately lost in the WL . Lost games where I was % better. Too bad Damage...
Really cool when your brother pulls Laudrup
Top game in the . League! Note the table.
Stand -1 and have to say that I also notice this weekend how ridiculously different moments in this game...
Back home again! Start in about Min the Stream &amp; gamble the WL target as usual Gold and better...
WL sweat more (FIFA ) live at
Thank you EA
I have endless questions... Why do I have to sweat against such a team? He doesn't really have a midfield...
I am preparing myself for a career as a professional footballer. I am now for Alaba, Gnabry and Reus a...
Simply because he deserved it...
Live: It's &amp; We're going to continue playing the career mode of Hans...
So holiday over! I come Kappa
My first Weekend League in the new Fifa. Unfortunately, the last games all lost. But I'm very happy with...
Everybody Retweet Please, it's easy Cash! Buy yourself Velazquez for up to K Climb almost every day partially on K...
Let's go! What a sweaty Saturday (and an hour-long Sunday): Games in one piece Davon Siege Dabei gegen o...
I hereby call on our Home Minister to ban Fifa because of the glorification of violence. NO VIOLENCE...
New Sbc has indulged in David Silva and Sissoko could draw thereby Piszek or how to make him write it
FIFA Review | TheXboxHub
I love opponents like that in the WL.
On the right track. Main target = Gerrard ; Minimum = Ferdinand
Increase to last WL from -4 to -4 Unlucky lost the last match ... GG to all opponents ...
And once again, one comes to an end. With a -13 I say goodbye to the and go now...
Does anyone want Fifa?
I'm still LIVE with !
my opinion about Fifa .
. WL in FIFA completed with gold. Not good not bad. Already built my new team, which I mi...
Am Ready for First Owner Tasks
Unfortunately only -2, because I lost in the end. Tomorrow we will continue with the rest of the games. Thank you for your...
k plus in less than an hour... (no longer works)
We'll play Volta for an hour in Fifa
haha ... You little jokers.....
SANDRO f*cking WAGNER YOU GOD! Carriet me the Chinese Challange...
Market Index Sniping OP! bought for 00-35,000 sold for 00-43,000 profit: approx 00
This weekend the weekendleague is especially a lot of fun
My Anti Park The Bus tactic, with which I am a bit more defeated here and there, but at least fun at the G...
From the new Sbc Born Legends uff Thank you . Within days x Lac...
Status Friday: -0 Today grottig with -5 started, and then still Elite...
. what are you doing with all that money? How can it be that in the servers so bad si...
I think it really succeeded. It's like playing a better game without all the annoying serv ...
Slowly üv runs alone with bllerin over k profit!
K Win 🤩 Who did my tip help? Follow me for more tips ...
Martial good player sagste?
Against a professional of
Hagi for me in a top ZOM which is highly recommended, think he has been the last few years hardly noticed way...
Small late-night stream is live ️ We are currently -0 in the WL
End the day appropriately and as called with :10! I am very satisfied with the rebuilt team. Especially the...
A long day is coming to an end! Our boys have created themselves an optimal starting position around tomorrow in the KO-Ph...
:3 For me the qualifier is over. Lose the last round :6 GG
Donald Trump has just bought himself, and is horrified that The Journey no longer exists.
Qualifier Day has just ended. I had a very bad start with -2, now I'm at -2. I need a mo...
I'm just starting out, play division. What else should I play and pay attention to? true-blue
End the day with -1! . Round :5 vs . Round :1 vs . Round :2 vs . Round :7...
Top secured! Qualifier -1(started0-1)
Qualifier day over ️ :0 Very, very happy with my gameplay today. I must put everything into it the fo...
Currently Chiellini snipes very well because Futbin is currently quoting the wrong price ⬇️ &lt;37k snipen ...
Short update: Today there are no qualifier games anymore and so our game of today ends...
I finish today unbeaten with -0 and have to win tomorrow from rounds for the knockout phase ...
I'm sure it's sung.
The third disconnect this WL in 🤢🤮 These are three more than I had in Fifa19... Definitely don't play m...
Also game number is lost, unfortunately it bet for a :2 and :6 (total :8) defeat against a :2...
Aaaaaaaaaand live! Finally again 🥳
The Maxi-Eress rolls! . Round: vs. | :0 Overall GG Kevin and all the best for now! 🤝…
Your controller fleet needs a new member? We raffle a /DualShock-Bundle →...
Just :0 lost against a silver Japanese team. Welcome to Fifa .
-2 I'm currently standing, tomorrow I'll continue, defeats were unnecessary, DC was there in the second rack. …
Overlays are finished, the beer is cold, snacks are provided At :30 the stream is on - at :45 it goes'...
I'm live again! Come by... …
Who has played knows that this gives the greatest aggression potential. Then thousands of people would have to run amok.
How long does it take?
This year is really weird. In some games I get destroyed like nothing good. Good moves, good a...
I can really recommend you to snipe tonight, because of the new SBCs some players are coming on the market Hi...
-1 Overall against Genti-Bezy, oiled in Golden Goal. Keep going, keep going!
Stand currently -0 in qualifier rounds are still played today!
We're getting backup. Nice pack !
Dear Unfortunately, the qualifier did not go according to my wishes today. The goal was to find today's...
Relaxed WL stream . . . . . . . …
Round four I could win without playing My opponent didn't check in so I was -2! |
Game number of goes close with :1 and :2 (total :3) lost against . Let's go...
My new team's up.
Treat yourselves to PaT: ca. k /1h
how can such a bad game develop goalkeeper lets every ball bounce defense always runs away...
Equalizer! . Round: vs | :2 Overall GG! 🤝 Maxi is now at -2, everything is possible!
FGS FUT Champions Cup Qualifier That's it for me in the first Qualifier in have no...
:2 .round :2 win gg
You know what video is coming tomorrow.
First time on the PC the new video of gönnen ️ yesterday the stream was mega and before that ️
The community is just as broken and toxic as the game itself.
I just love SBC's.
So my friends WL part is now online, I just hope that we don't get any internet problems anymore...
Trading Invest w/ Vecino, is from coins to .0K - .5K coins Anyone who has seen my mail is welcome to...
Pair Sales: Lozano: x ~ k (ek) x ~ -51k (vk) Haller: x ~ ,3k-1,5k (ek) x ~ ,4k (vk) And still Lauta...
You're welcome to drop in on the stream. :00 o'clock. Today Fifa and Yooka Laylee and the Impossible Lair...
LIVE-sniping filter! ZOM Series A-Gold goes up to 00!
No words for it... What the pro scene has to go through is simply unbelievable. I can't imagine that this...
As if pulled on the string, la whether a higher power has brought the ball into goal...
With blood, sweat and tears in this gameplay gold reached I play so bad Fifa
The gameplay is so garbage. Stand -11 and keep sweating for gold.
Let's go into the new season! While for and today the VBL Media Day was up for...
Didn't actually want to touch my cell phone, but I need to get something off my chest. I am :0 after games, but...
When a once good game becomes more and more pay to win game will be sad
Pro Club IMMORTALS E-sport FIFA20 ps4 ...
Today I'm still looking for my skill in Fifa . Have you seen him? Likes to come and help me with the su...
I am now live on the ! To start with, Subs will be given away directly, so be quick! E…
One more prediction at the end and then we'll read each other again tomorrow ^^ Ibra +5 ? Ka why! Martinez has also...
Phew. That was sweaty! Win against a strong opponent () in the Golden Goal (2:2 ; :1 ; :0) and stand your ground in the...
FIFA Outstanding Performance ...
Penalties in are the biggest garbage. So is the entire game. Why am I still playing it?
. Game: vs | :2 - GG Marlut and all the best for your next games! At last the first he...
Next weekend we will go for and to Krefeld to the first offline tournament of the...
Hidden Gem! Alexander Nübel , Germany -&gt;85 Position- GK Age-22 WF- *
The program continues, the next victory follows for . :2 and :1 against . That is...
I won the third round with :3 (2:1/ :2) against UFL Jiren, so I am -2! In the round could...
So friends, now my Weekend League has also come to an end. If you feel like it, you are welcome to take a look....
Today at noon I sniped for the first time longer time in the Web App. Schultz &lt;= k Akanji &lt;= k Mabu &lt;= ,5k (te...
The second one is in full swing and we present you today &amp; tomorrow the current Tea...
I've just figured out what you have to do to get the swab players. downright
WL Games to go Katerstream Road to Glory Get to it! …
already reached goal, first WL was more relaxed than expected, running if you don't get excited. …
The Squad Battles tasks with the Chinese and those from the MLS is the absolute cramp...
Time to play some! Check yourself out this weekend! +…
So it just seems to me or is the gameplay at FIFA only related to the pace. So the demo plays...
STREAM IS ONLINE Come into the , become part of &amp; support me in the WL 🤙 ️ R...
Also once arrived... Now all you have to do is run WL._.
: , , , or - who beats his...
Leon could win the SG-Stern Cup today. We're proud of you. …
Age of this Webapp Trading makes yes mies Bock
Why is that allowed? Twice I take the striker off the ball and still collect plus red TF goes into the W...
Hey, I was watching your stream yesterday and I have to say that you and a real...
How many swapplayers have you played?
handicap. . . ZTZPE2Z
The first . Qualifier rounds are over! . Game: vs. Tzzandu | :5 Overall . Game: vs....
I just played the demo. I am extremely happy to do without it again this year! It makes you feel better.
Short intermediate result. First duel fucked up, second won. So that's one. Let's go!
The first Weekend League Rewards ! via . -----------------At last a ne...
Actually, the million transfer proceeds should still be made full this week.
And the winner is 🥁 Nicolai! Congratulations on his Club Champion title This makes him just like Lucas, Jonas and Ju...
Win the . round of the FUT Champions Qualifier with (3:0/2:1) vs GG Bro
A few new commitments
Every game is a spasm. It's :0, but the servers make it almost impossible to gamble. Will that be on the Abe...
These penalty kicks are the stupidest ever...
Successful day at the Weserstadion. Tobi and Nicolai could participate successfully in the Werder Cup. Nicolai has soga...
I don't know if it's just me, but I've really been having less fun with the actual gameplay since...
FGS FUT Champions Cup Qualifier Second round was more than just pathetic of me losing more as deserved...
It says first. Paco will then only be exchanged for Werner so that I can get on pace. …
I also win the second round. Against the Swedish FIFA Champion I win with...
I pull Ramos and then untradeable
At home against the Schanzers. Let's play Fifa career ++ .FC Kaiserslautern
:1 win the te round with :5 gg
WHO FUCKED HIM IN THE ASS? WHAT KIND OF DIRTY GAME IS THIS? If the Hs don't fix the deinstall...
There's no delay
. WL Game and the leads :0 🤦‍ But still shot. Come on!!!!! Servers are an absolute disaster. This is a...
The second away game in a row awaits us! Hertha BSC meets Mainz on the road.
OMG! Can we get this for FIFA, please?
Why can't I edit players?
I brought the guy to the Rage quit with :1 at halftime. With a k team. Hate such kids, because often enough you...
As usual, delivered a consistently strong month in the and secured a nomination for the...
While the professionals are playing the qualifiers for the Champions Cup I, the -V is running in the wohninvest WESERSTADION...
Stand now -8. Gameplay is catastrophic just like matchmaking. War only opponents with Messi and co
Fifa Hype in the chat. Gameplay sucks.
Clock has started the tournament... we're still waiting for round.
So new Fifa video. And a direct question for you. Karlsruhe or Regensburg ?? Yes...
Who's going to finish this team for me for K?
Oh.
So the Squad-Battle tasks with players from only one league (MLS/CSL/ERE) - at least world class, are easy... It is...
SBC King's back. Tonight clock on Weekend League power and the question of what...
It's on now. The tough opponents are yet to come. When I finish the first games.
I haven't seriously just conceded three goals against ECKBÄLLEN, have I?!!?
ÜV list is daaaa! Whether low budget or a higher coin level, there is something for everyone! Lets go let it c...
Mio transfer proceeds cracked, Euro poured in, RTG is love
Eight new followers and two subs!! Thanks for the awesome stream - despite the good portion of salt in between...
Win the . round of the FUT Champions Qualifier in the Golden Goal (1:0/0:1/1:0) vs.
FGS FUT Champions Cup Qualifier wins the first round of qualifier against with :2 (3:1 ; :1...
Lose ste round with :7 to Golden Goal gg
🇩🇿 Mahrez &lt; k to snipe I can recommend really extreme
A Pack Oppening of the last days since eagerly what com...
Before the game everyone had fitness the opponent comes in the min on my goal and looks for himself what happens dan ...
I now plaster -4 spring rolls and then turn on the stream We target clock. First correct wi...
Do you want me to do that? I have on RV already and as a replacement.
The first big pull, of course not pulled by me, but by my brother for me 🥺 K +
Why can't I edit my players in fifa career mode because there is always a lock in front of it ?
Stand :2 in the WL. Well, don't break in.
Servus people count inform players actually as gold cards
continue with and the FUT mode! check it out!
-3 One I would only meet.... the goal tomorrow then again the last games in the morning and make the beautiful ️
Short and crunchy sniping session from last night Profit minus EA fees ⬇️ ≈ 00 Coins Sniping-Fi...
There are (at any time) enough topics in the video game industry to get excited about. One there...
The game is so aids now stand again -7.
In a few minutes it starts, on a good ball possession war 🥴
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. BVB (3 players) - PC via
It gets serious for the first time in the still fresh season. All verified players from Europe now meet...
Thirty o'clock WL Stream. This is gonna be something.
Believe the gameplay in has never been as bad with me as today. So frustrating when you're...
Follow for More Tips! Vecino, currently in - Coins! Glad to take to K, also likes to climb ,5...
The first qualifier for this year starts at ️ ...
There is a trick at Fifa to make goals out of tees, to see on . matchday against Hoffenheim ...
In minutes the . Qualifier, this is my team.
If I'd bought at full price, I'd be angry green and blue.
My condolences to everyone who has to play the Fut Champions Qualifier today. Nevertheless, I wish all the best for...
FIFA with PS4 CONTROLLER on the PC gambling &gt; ...
I wish all participants of the Qualifier, especially my German and Austrian colleagues, much success...
-12 and I've got to get to victories somehow. Well. It's just a cramp with a k team.
Title number is retracted
First sale on my list today.
Today the . club championship takes place from for its members. The best four games...
How can you play the WL if the servers are always shitty? Whether in the morning, at noon or in the evening ...
After about delay and lags yesterday I stand -1. Feeling every game I have to tell myself "not so hectic", then clap...
Lets GO my friends, the Fifa WL stream is online
After the success of last year Nicolai will give everything again today ...
Bissl sniped at breakfast ....and easy made ....no millions but at least ...
Games on Friday At the end unfortunately only Elite Now full focus on the qualifier ...
Kaiserslautern Career in the begun
The connection in the WL is an imposition
Sweat league. Smooch boy.
Played rival so far. Go to the gym now. I think that should be enough to express how it went.
🇩🇪 how can that be offside? 🇬🇧 How is this offside???? …
What is this player has conflict with another player at the SBC s ? Always get kicked out of the game ...
against clock I start with my first WL in Fifa live on Twitch, I'm curious how it will be ^^ Now abe...
No offside in the Weekend League?
Hopefully that as a ZOM position
This game is so hard bent.
Have you already proven to your buddies how to play ️ properly? For non-soccer players: In which game do you challenge...
A month as one can only dream of it for from 🤩 vote now from...
Kickoff for the new Global Series. This weekend can be, and for...
+++ TRANSFERNEWS +++++ is looking for reinforcement for the new season ️ ...
It's only next week and until then we have to get the time right...
If you're up for sniping this afternoon, here are a few players who are currently really damn good ⬇️ - 🇸🇮 Handano...
NO BOCK MORE AT WL Every game Alu hits my players feel like bronze players and the opponents feel like...
Fifa is simply a joke
Bayern Munich vs. Tottenham Hotspur UCL Group Stage!
Weekend League people [4:2]__hoping for your support !new gaming chair! [PS4] [DE] View...
but I'd rather be late than never.
Round one over. With the direct ascent there won't be anything more but relegation is still possible.
Sorry for cringe but I can't take it anymore I'm done with the nerves. I don't have one euro for Fifa Points...
Yesterday all my WL games in one piece pulled through... after i played myself back on a /5, lose...
Picture &amp; : The result of my sniping session yesterday evening/night. Benzema EK &lt;16k VK k Di Maria EK &lt;13k VK ...
I want Ferdinand + Guardiola from the . Icon swaps, how about you?
But I'm also so forgetful with my Twitter posts. Yesterday there was of course a Fifa video....
A little dream with a monster template from ! Unbelievably played out!
So guys I need your help... I'm just thinking about building a whole new team. Which team finds...
Top game gwunna!
Welcome to the team
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best German Team - Reus, Gnabry, Sane &amp; more - RealSport
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best German Team - Reus, Gnabry, Sane &amp; more - RealSport101
Must retweet myself, just love the game. Chauo bars, bissi even tormann move and no one...
Want to ask how it can be that my Werner with Hunter in the game again and again sprintduelle against IV...
With joy and pride we can welcome Chris 'Mango' M. to our Pro Club team today....
Informs of the . Week Informs of the . Week Informs of the . Never experienced this week before! This year is different!...
Weekend League rewards have been given, coins invested right into the team, Havertz IF and new ones are new. …
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Get your daily free WebApp sign-up bonuses! 🇬🇧 Get your daily free WebApp l...
Mertenz!!! Has trick
I'm LIVE on Twitch! ! …
I see so much garbage happening in this game again. Fortunately, I didn't buy it...
If I should hear again that there is more rage in a game than in Fifa... I'll do the joker, i swe...
🇩🇪Neues Video: Opinions about the thumbnail?
the truth with fifa for me have shots or more and lose against the bobs of the nation sadly fifa
All INFOS about the ICON SWAPS can be found in my new video! Write to me in the comments wel...
Everyone is probably gone now and in the disco or something... And I sit alone in my dark room, bang...
️Wichtige Info️ The Icon Swap Tokens are not available via SBC, all Tokens are exclusively available via SBC...
Where can I mute tweets?
Unfortunately, the good Pulisic does nothing so far.
Wes on fire Next special card for any case stands already times
McKennie gates and a template at :0 straight. Must give information.
My start to the weekend: - k Loss - Controller and mouse clapped against the wall - Psychologically complete...
Is it still possible to invest smartly for the POTM?..
Live on the 1.2019 at :15 The decisive match between and...
FIFA Trendsetter (Silver) Carry different outfits in career mode in separate games
tend to be a really cool thing. What's the deal with these first-owners?! therewith
gets to it
Daily Mess-up, today career mode: I would like to borrow a player, the club has according to the game but no...
of the world! Okay. (laughs) Unfortunately only a snapshot but still to see what could be in it.
Is there actually a lower limit for fitness? My Aurier's been bumming around playing or something for now,...
Oh this year jersey trading is going well again.
Tomorrow around 0 o'clock there is again a Stream on my channel.!️ Well who is with it ?...
Currently running well
stop by. Makes horny fifa and F1 videos. …
Check all your controller settings, apparently there is a BUG that many players have. Shooting a...
boy fucks me off...
I gotta get going.
So friends.... even if it is a bit late today, I will still be in my first WeekendLeagu...
The sales of the evening have saved the ÜV day! The Invest ÜV have been absorbed. Always take cheap HR cards with you...
Pro Club runs
I played in the Fifa game, but there are still "30 other games displayed"...w...
Let's go into the sweat at the Rivals First Owner games (I'm not up for it anymore)
Do you always have speedlags?
is so unrealistic! Nobody in the stands is holding beer.
Once again the team upgraded
Our player streams his live now on
Gplay97 dancing!
Uff, the first icon swaps are here... what do you say? Do you know what you want to do? I have no idea she wants all of them.
You are happy that Butragueño is coming and then you can try one of their items...
Mané brings the FUT Champs Win with a falling kick
Whether EA knows that Objectives are actually there to have fun with the game and not to be seen as a "compulsive" game, or as a...
On when to go there 🤔
My plan with tokens for icon swaps ⬇️ Token for Ferdinand Token for Guardiola 🇪🇸 How does it look like?
That's what my balance looks like now, tell you if I'm some Division´s below how it looks like then...
Icon Swap Deals They're finally here! Which icon do you treat yourselves to friends? Put it in the comments X Fol...
Icon swap deals requirements!!
The first swing of ICON Swaps is now ready! . Collect ICON exchange tokens through SBCs and tasks . Solve the...
Kluivert Nesta Ferdi Butra Steve G Michael O Okay,everyone who interests me. I'm curious.
Icon swap is outside
Would it really be good if you reworked the duels! Can't be that you can go away...
Good Morning, its me agaaaaain. I am awake since 5 again, successfully h slept! Immediately legendary video recording...
when do new shoes come into play? In my opinion there are too few shoes from Adidas/Nike. Adidas h...
Penalty shooting in is absolutely ridiculous.
A typical game in the Weekend League 🤣
Okay I notice that you are in the mood for sniping The following players I am sniping at the moment and work very well ⬇️ -...
Please please if I lose, then let me lose deservedly, but not always this AIDS piss
:0 in the WL started then it was impossible to play passes on meters, the defense runs out I steer my...
My team for the new WL stands. The goal is to bring the victories.
Short and sweet Now at the first WL games in at my place in with my ...
Don't quite understand why some people are criticized for ball possession play. What can one do when the...
Since EA doesn't bring any content, here are some players to snipe who currently work extremely well ⬇️ - 🇫🇷 F...
You open x gold upgrades once, and pull x walkouts in one pack.
When's the fuckin' time? Fuck off.
Anyone else have the problem that the game hangs after the final whistle or in the game?
Best snipe of my life 🥰🥰
can fend off the attacks of Tom Clancy's in the current German sales charts...
Hands up weekend! Fifa Ultimate Gaming and the . WL. Also this week we reach again for Elite. abiotic
Built by the Stream Team for the WL. Even that's better than the botcher company.
Wtf! Now it's your turn!
As long as I have a clean slate in Fifa today, I'm wearing the white sweater. I wonder if that'll be all right. See for yourself h...
Both on and off the square ...
First game in and equal times so ne beautiful game decision
Zack, live! With new emotes and a whole lot of Weekend League
Who can surpass this gate? Unbelievable. ______ Short on stream: I will suffer today...
Stream now starts with . Look up,
Live from watch!
With this team I start today into the hope for a better performance than last weekend. …
After a season can make logic.
Wanted to finish Walcott SBC just missed a game because of rating ZEIT A...
I started with -3 in the WL and stand now -3. How's it going with you?
The FIFA France Twitter account has done its job... EA but not EA employees: How many mistakes...
Omg so many new weekly tasks and SBC's
Starting with k!!! About k profit in a short time!
greetings... I did the -6 in the '. Such a joke this game sometimes...
Here are all my packs, since the Starter Pack in - How are things with you? FIFA - RTG ...
This game....
The Roca hype just jumped up and sold them all 🤷‍ What was going on ? 🥳 So I have auc...
You do that for the upgrade for € and then the Gold Packs are not credited! What the fuck are you doing?
My GOLD now online! Every comment gets a heart for...
just because I have to sell my organs for the high rated players
After WL play completely through
FIFA described in a clip ...
Today clock pack opening. different packs to open.!!!!!
defends against attack and stays on top:
WL is currently running well (moderate gameplay). Currently standing at -1 - Lots came through Internet problems...
Buy Vecino, it's needed for the Hybrid Nation SBC! Currently found on coins! Is the last t...
Our CEO streams FIFA at Twitch! Come and have a look! …
First sale of the day! No big gain but small cattle makes also crap Always remain patient....
Finally VBL again! Caste for the games of the VBL Club Championship in this season. Glad to see you...
Oh, that's lovely. Last WL no matter how successful and now? Yap /6 I stand first Games won and now...
If it's not going well with you watch the video at 🤗 🤣🤣🤣 ...
Steffen now at ,4K... Hope some of them took it with them yesterday! …
And part of the FIFA career is at the start! The exciting first games in the new season with many heights and a...
Something's about to fly here.
That you get after a clear :0 victory something like that I would not have thought what a TYPE can get some what of abs...
Let's go! Cause nooben we Weekend League in ...
If you play WL at night and then meet in the .min and you forget that you are not alone
Can someone please explain to me why this is a penalty kick? 🥺 Stand currently -1 in the WL defeat in the penalty kick...
Aubameyang POTM He'll be there at the crack of dawn! I think it will cost about -600k ...
So Auba comes at 🤪 Thanks for the Streamquicki!!!!!! All again well-behaved at the start shortly after clock to be so...
READY FOR ROUND The eSports team will compete in the Club Championship! …
If you win a penalty shootout game.
Tonight the Icon Swaps start! Who are you indulging in? I want either Drogba or Pirlo 🤷‍ ...
So that the thumbnail comes to the fore better.
⬇️ NEW Video ⬇️ Another exciting game is about to start before Borussia Dortmund against FC Barcelona. MESSI with RO...
Taugen Packs actually what?s worth sbc?we take a closer look today. We'll do sbc and ...
COMMUNICATION It's EA! Why not more often like this or a little faster? Well, I'm happy about every update!...
With the team it goes afterwards into the second WL, I already feel like playing with it
So now for RealTalk Who finds Fifa a good game? And now please do not comment yes the game needs...
Team again upgraded
The player of the month from the Premier League is ‼️ makes her the SBC, friends? X Follows...
I don't think the highrated players are going up today so I dropped out in time. x Cavani...
How the opponents get to toren is not normal
When a DSL contract is concluded, one provider is currently offering the PS4 Pro incl. FIFA in a special promotion ...
Can't find any matches Fifa down ?
-1 I just don't do the gates in front......
First shopping, then gambling: Fanshop customers of the now have the chance to win the new one.
Improvement suggestions for k + the coins of the sold player
So he welcomes a new member.
Penalty shots in are such a cramp...
Here we go! Turn it on! Day - WL Part /3 [Road to Follower]
Our trainer career continues with Hertha BSC. Hertha BSC meets the arch-enemy Gelsenkirche away from home...
Transfer window reopened Top chance for talents! We are looking for reinforcement for our team...
Oh, yeah. Fulham - Liverpool :10 Red cards for Fulham in . and something around . Half time length: ...
Am so hyped on would like to achieve so much in
How were your rewards? Here you have mine!
FIFA Exciting until the end ...
Hi guys, it's time again, a new video is online. You want to know how you can get a lot of packs...
Lightwork for Özil
If you didn't get a place in a tournament, you can come by and test your skills in test matches...
Moin people! I'm going live to my First Rage League now!
Game charts: FIFA , Ghost Recon Breakpoint and Borderlands dominate PS4 and Xbox One ...
With extremely strong performances, Christian from the surprise team earned himself a nomination for the...
If you didn't get a place in a tournament, you can come by and test your skills in test matches...
Transfer window reopened Top chance for talents! We are looking for reinforcement for our -Te...
Just so ridiculous that there is a no loss glitch again Why can't this just be a fixed date?
I'm up for the POTM at clock If he does not come, I go to sleep Stream starts in the next few minutes...
I actually didn't want to make so many untrade sbcs this year, but with this Dortmund legend, I couldn't get a...
I'm in min live on Twitch and start the WL!! Don't miss it! …
Electronic Arts is excited about millions of players of . To celebrate, everyone is invited to talk about an ingame...
My first real rage. In extra time to the decisive :3...
My team for the . WL Paid: 69.000 Coins Current value: 79.000 Coins Ingame &amp; All...
What a giant buck of Manuel Neu...
Finally Friday and finally we can get started in the office! 🤩 We wish you a great Friday and...
Now switch on live in the stream! ️ He's about to start his ....
Victories, defeats. Gold is definitely in this time.
Here's my team for The Destruction Begins!
Clubs - eleven of the first and eleven of the second - want German champions in the discipline of...
FIFA breaks records: Over millions of players, EA gives you 00 Volta coins. …
Of course we are at the start and are looking forward to an exciting season! I...
Gates like that are just the most fun.
Matching the start of the . Weekend League there is the first FG on my channel. FIFA : -2-3-1 FORMATI...
Oh, now it's the computer games again? Play Fifa for over two decades...
Have fun with the Weekend League Rewards Have in any case a good number of Coins g...
EA gives you 00 Volta coins to celebrate ten million players.
My web app was blocked today... Anybody else not need it?
On Monday I will test Avion for the first time in Fifa Tech Avion. I'll do it for a week and show you every...
Only with me like that, or are the servers of aktuell really not running so bouncy? So I'm afraid to go in the WL.
Do you get more red cards than usual? Partly totally exaggerated sometimes...
The Club Championship starts soon again! is in the new season as an official M...
Saturday I do the first (and possibly the last) WL stream. I hope that I can keep my desk...
Sniping session part profit less EA fees ⬇️ ~ 00 Coins Together with part within hours....
I wish everyone a quiet and relaxed Weekend League! Good luck &amp; good luck! May the power with your...
This is my team for the upcoming qualifier tomorrow! Could still get me through the WL Rewards Butragueno and...
Being awake after h, not a bit tired, still motivated but I need a break. Another Rival's match...
Today VBL Media Day was absolutely ready for the new task!
Auba POTM Invest this morning bagged a few... ~100k Profit 🤑 for (?) minutes of effort incl. sell. Li...
Why can't you see how many games you still have open in the WL?
Tonight I'm scared and at the same time I'm very much looking forward to it, I just hope that...
Need a whole new FIFA Squad. Budget k. The only player you want to play : Hakimi. Formation doesn't matter.
The Hazard with pink background can not be given in the long run. &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=🇬=- proudly presents
Somehow I believe that you can give your tokens in Baby icon Middle icon Prime icon and get a new one...
Guaranteed Base-Icon 🤔 I'm curious what EA has in mind
Low-Budget Sniping Filter ⬇️ Piemonte Calcio Player &lt;3.5k VK: k Liverpool Player &lt;1.5k VK: k It's a lot of fun...
We start into the Schwitzer Liga ️
I'm playing football in a cage in Tokyo. I'm back at ️
The September POTM from the BPL is Aubameyang! Watch available as SBC!
Please a bit... tencourt, have you ever heard of it? Anyway, here's the first round of the season against Düsseldor...
Welcome my bigbig Love Every year my first k+ purchase
Hey! Do you think Drogba will go down in price for Icon Swap release? The cheapest is straight at mio coins ?
The new Premier League in - Aubameyang has won. Not my choice and also a funny upgrade...
x Leno purchased for max ,5k , Sold for ,8 - ,5k All sold in hype because of Auba POTM SBC, safe is the POTM SBC...
Last night still some highrated taken... I'm definitely satisfied with the win! x Godin EK =...
When will the potm sbc be available ?
Anyone else have problems with the servers of ?
Hands up weekend? Of course! We'll show you what's new. …
I have to say that I don't play very often and when I do, it's the career mode. But wait now since R...
You have to be fast if you want to have a flashback card in FUT from Łukasz Piszczek....
Do you think they'll need Aubas Gold Card
Look what a piece of jewelry said "hello" yesterday. Rewards in gave love yesterday...
Sniping session Part profit less EA fees ⬇️ ~ 00 Coins
Treat yourselves to ⬇️⬇️⬇️️ Later in the afternoon I'll turn on the stream too
It's going into the next round. The -Team is at the start again!
There are still teams for the . in accepted, there are still places available
Auba POTM: PAC: (+1) SHO: (+2) PAS: (+3) DRI: (+1) DEF: (+1) PHY: (+0) What a great upgrade for your computer!
Tonight we have Destiny and then Fifa Pro Clubs! Allso dan until later ...
Crash action with Rakuten: If you pay by Mastercard you will get a nice € discount from € order value on...
Ndidis ~ k + Yes, is too little need the coins but and was bit late with shopping
SQUAD UPDATE After the rewards I sold most of the time and bought reinforcements with and...
Not bad so far
Aubameyang Player of the Month
A strong debut in the will be marked for with the nomination for the Sept...
Hyped to the second Weekend League even if I want to come back only to -17 victories hope Crespo the honorary...
Leno and özil each k high. U know what i mean? Do you want me to invest now? NO :04 o'clock wi...
So team stands for today's WL. Hopefully it'll be better what the servers are about today. …
Just had to go to machen️ Legend ️
This weekend I'm in the Weekend League in This can be something
And ÜV this morning like this: "I work for everyone but you" Two zero rounds so far...
No deal, but I'll take it with me! EK: K
We're very early today, the Weekend League is coming up!
Makes you want to go
Who still likes to play volta ?
Hey, I just bought three players on the app. The money's gone. But the players dive n...
🇩🇪 Games-Charts: boards the PS4 and Xbox One ranking with six times the power. frontrunner
Those people who fake the throw-in. Do they know more?
And Sergio Ramos from the MM SBC Pack's
Players grow to millions
Good luck to all the Weekend League gamblers today.
No more swallows in - EA takes the property out of play.
Info about Icon Swaps ⬇️ There will be Icon Swap Tokens Design ⬇️
Welcome my friend! I wish you successful boys!
Leipzig defends lead of the standings! Bavaria continues with start problems. HSV promoted with hammer season start Be...
How does it look with next week with the . There's a break in the international game at the moment, so...
Oops, there I have just written that only sluggishly runs and then at least approx. k profit in a round...
and it's time to go again 🥺 WL
FIFA has more than ten million players and, according to EA, is currently the world's most played sports game....
Live with -SBCs -Season Tasks -SB -Rating teams
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Get your daily free WebApp sign-up bonuses! ??🇧 Get your daily free WebApp l...
-Agency welcomes with the first eSportsman.
Fifa sales figures shine
EA: EA SPORTS FIFA celebrates millions of players ...
Team for the first WL stands 🤚
EA SPORTS FIFA celebrates millions of players
EA SPORTS FIFA celebrates millions of players
Velazquez: Bought: Coins Sold: K - ,8K Steffen: Bought it: - Coins Sold: ,3K - ,4K Fifa...
Nobody: Really Nobody: FIFA Players: Shit it's weekend In this sense a nice good morning...
FIFA Welcome Cups! Finally it's time - we start our first two Cups at the same time as the new FIFA...
EA SPORTS Fifa Celebrates Millions of Players
Cool boy
I CAN FUCKING THESE FRENCH SIMPLY MBAPPE AND VARANS IN ONE DAY GOD DAMNIT
Alle die über eine Menge Münzen verfügen, Heute kommen die Icon Swaps! Gerne teure Icon die stark sinken mitnehmen,…
Mein Team für die nächste WL steht. Mal sehen, wie ich abschneiden werde. ️ Teambewertun…
Kann man machen.
Julio Furch Create Face Julio Furch
🇨🇮 Wilfried Zaha
€A bringt mit -meiner Meinung nach- das beste FIFA seit Jahren auf den Markt... Leider auch mit den schlech…
Habemus Theo Walcott Flashback
Fetzigen Dank an die Runde heute Abend. Köstlich amüsiert im Voicechat und nebenbei soga…
Erste Rewards kann man sehen lassen️ ️ …
Stream hat mega Spaß gemacht. Chaoten RP und entspannt team bauen. Hab Bock auf Fifa streams auch in Zukunft. Danke fam ️
Hunter, snipen, Krampf, Nerven, Schmerz, fast ne halbe Stunde, muss ich noch mehr sagen ? Nein ? GUT. Palümpalüm
Respekt für die Playlist. is
Mein erster Walkout
Alles richtig gemacht Depay.. Naja, fast alles
Also leute wenn ihr wollt das ich eure packs aufmache. eur pro pack. PS belastend das sissoko einfach mal mehr we…
Es kann los gehen die FSG Walsum Gamer sind am Start …
Wie wilt?
Erste Folge von unserem Volta Lets Play.
Ein Pack hat heute gereicht Tee Stegen und Reus in einem Pack besser kann es nicht laufen! Das heißt wir haben…
Erstmal Markt-Timeout bekommen ️ Aber heut wurden wieder gut Coins gemacht, Ergebnisse gibt’s morgen 🥰
Liebe es ja gegen bessere bewertete Teams zu spielen, wenn dann das passiert.
Die zweite Flashback-Karte in ist da: Per SBC kann die Saison /17 von Lukasz Piszczek gefeiert werden.
[PSN : BarkerXXVI]
Team ist ready für Wl
Das Match ist entschieden und nun steht es :1 zwischen und mein…
Ich liebe PANIK 🤗 Vor Uhr ging er für über k. :30/20Uhr k-70k —&gt; Merke: Invests und Team Donnerstag vo…
WL Team steht
Gold-Up Sorry für die Bildqualität
Hab ich schonmal erwähnt, dass das größte Drecksspiel aller Zeiten ist? Was für besoffene Idioten da dran s…
Packs ballern und Division Rivals …
Okay, die -Torlinientechnik hat eindeutig „kein Tor“ angezeigt, auch im Instant replay ist der Ball klar nic…
Morgen Abend starten wir nach einer Woche Abstinenz Mal wieder den Stream. geht gut voran. Kommen wir morgen…
Das sind fast % Gewinn ich mag den rewards day
So, WL Team ist nach sehr viel grübeln und probieren endlich fertig
Ich hasse es, wenn EA überteuerte SBCs von Dortmund Spielern bringt.
Lukaku Tore ein Assist und spiel läuft noch min.
N’achetez pas fährmann
Ndidi x für k eingekauft-&gt; heute für k verkauft k Gewinn
Mein Team steht für meine erste Weekend League Gold sollte drin sein
Hab natürlich auch Plea &lt;3
Einfach nur Ohne Worte.
Wer diesen Spieler hat könnte nun auscashen! War vorher für ca. -500 zu haben FUT Trading
Erstmal und aus der Strong Starter SBC bekommen! Das seltene Gold Pack und das Kleine Prime Gol…
DANKE FÜR EUREN SUPPORT
Der Verkauf von Lucas rettet den Tag. Wiedermal direkt aus der Startelf zu einem glücklichen Käufer. Ek war vor W…
Das Highlight Video der Weekend League Rewards ist online! Konfettikanone gezündet? 🤔 ️
Meine Rewards der ersten WL in Kann mich nicht beschweren würde ich sagen. …
Ja moin, Piemonte nimmt einfach instant in meiner STG Mio € an für nen Spieler der nen Mio € Marktwert hat.…
Top Partien war auch diese Woche wieder ganz gut. Schlitze, davon einer IF Defoe, und einer Milinko Dazu noch Loz…
Erstes Mal, dass FIFA gönnt 🥰🥰 Top Partien btw
Wenn der Bruder bei FIFA19 mehr Spiele verloren hat
Wozu braucht man nochmal dieses Feature, damit man den Keeper beweg... Aso, sry, hab ich vergessen …
Heute war ein schöner Tag ...
Weekend League + DR Rewards! War echt solide, kann mich nicht beschweren!
Noch nie so ein schlechtes Spiel gesehen... Gameplay und Content sind ne glatt
Moin Div. 🤠 Neues Team läuft echt verdammt gut
EA SPORTS feiert Millionen Spieler
Die verhandlungen mit waren erfolgreich rechte Abwehr Seite is nun sicher
Gönnt euch das k Pack !!! Good Luck
Herzlich willkommen !
WL Rewards jetzt LIVE
Solangsam finde ich Gefallen an den hier bei auf , die logische Konsequenz für Contro…
DAS LETZTE MAL MIT OBLAK GESPIELT! SO EIN FEHLER IST UNVERZEIHBAR NIE WIEDER IN …
Theo, Reus und Piszczek Liebe ️ Bei LF überlege ich noch welche Icon ca k Budget 🤔 Zudem ob De Jong als er…
So einfach mal den Harit gewählt.
Danke für dieses wunderschöne Gegentor …
ÜV / +100k Deal
Heute aus meinen Rewards gezogen VK : k
. Wie lange geht die WL bei ? . Wie viele Wochenenden kann man die Teilnahme aufschieben?
Mein neues Team für die WL steht. Ingame dann oder . Hole mir nächste Woche noch Goretzka für Tolisso und…
Mein erster Spieler von ist . Bin mal gespannt, wann der nächste aus einem Pack komme…
Erstes Pack untrade!!! Nehm ich
Gulacsi heute morgen erst gekauft und Müller Tage gehalten. x Müller EK = k / VK = 5k x Gulacsi EK =…
Nehm ich für Gold Jz die Packs
Die FIFA belegte in der Bestsellerliste Großbritanniens während Release-Wochen den ersten Platz. Im Allgemeinen…
Zwar kein Ruud Gullit aus den SBC Packs, aber immerhin doch ne "Ikoné"...... 
Der Stream ist Live ! und noch immer fehlen uns Punkte bis zur WL, also nicht lange schnacken Kopf in Nacken…
Zocker: "Es ist ein bisschen zu einfach, nach Ecken Tore zu schießen." EA: "WIR HABEN VERSTANDEN! IM NÄCHSTEN FIFA…
läuft ...
Muss man einfach mitnehmen in einer FirstownerRTG!
Push für unseren Leader und vorzeigen Amateur Über ein Abo würden wir uns f…
läuft bei mir
SBC's ballern wieder rein
Ok jetzt mal ehrlich...lohnt sich Piszczek für ca k?
Elite Rewards, dazu noch Felipe Anderson aus dem k Pack.. Ist ok.
Liebe Community! Es ist einfach nur Wahnsinn was hier abgeht! Ich Hoff ich kann euch das Vertrauen zurückgeben!!!!…
Sucht ihr noch nach Spielern für die morgige Weekend League? Hier kommt -Tipp der Woche 🧐…
Neues Team neues Glück Wir bereiten uns auf die vor …
Ups, irgendwie ist meine Transferliste voll mit Invest. Leider für die Ligen SBCs, das dauert also noch n bisschen.
Leute! Momentan kann man Gigot(🇫🇷) für -400 Coins erbieten und Fonte ( 🇵🇹) für unter k nutzt das!
Stream ab Uhr Weekend League Rewards von mir und der Community im Anschluss …
Neues Team!
WL Ausbeute🥳
•WL Belohnungen •Division Rivals Belohnungen •Piszczek Flashback SBC •neue Top Partien •Volta SBC Warum nicht…
Eine Łukasz Piszczek 🇵🇱 Flashback SBC ist jetzt in verfügbar!
Die Karte sieht auf jeden Fall knackig aus
Welches Team soll ich mir bauen?
da hat er auch meine Stimme bekommen 🤷‍️
Das sind die . RUNDE Partien. Richtige Knaller schon dabei!
Das ist das Team für die WL, ich hoffe das Gameplay ist ein wenig besser als heute Und: DANKE für jetzt insges…
Walzer
Jetzt live auf twitch! Vorbei kommen lohnt sich
Ex-Weltmeister wechselt zu Jay-Z-Agentur.
Ich beende meine . Weekend League mit einem mageren -6. Nach einem miserableren Start, habe ich es…
Wie funktioniert das Icon Swap Event?
Nach ein paar Rivals Matches, bin ich weit aus launischer als wenn ich meine Tage habe, so reizbar, dass mich wirkl…
Kurz an alle Spieler, welches von den drei Teams ist das beste? Unten abstimmen
Von Tempo bis Pay2Win: , und nehmen im Podcast…
Wie die KI des Torwartes mich immer fast zur Verzweiflung treibt
Die heutige Auslosung der .Runde des 's hat uns bescherrt! Auf einen geilen Pokalfight! ℹ Die Anset…
Kauf dir Van der Sar haben sie gesagt.... Der ist gut haben sie gesagt.... 
Was geht ab ? Checkt doch mein Video auf YouTube ab. Meine ersten rewards aus der in…
Da merkt man dann halt mal wieder, wie unrealistisch eigentlich ist. Die Fans von sind viel…
Kann mir wer ein paar Trading Tipps geben? (Budget: k).
Letzte Spiel in der Gruppe und gleich gegen von Ein sehr lehrreiches Match, bei der i…
Das Rematch der Giganten. vs. Anolic will das rematch &amp; seine Ehre…
Es geht los! Auslosung und . sowie . Spieltag vom ! Wird ein geiler Abend! Davor noch meine WL REWARDS.…
FIFA : OMG! DIE BESTEN REWARDS! VIELE WALKOUTS! MEINE ERSTEN FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS! …
So Hype auf Freitag Weekend League. Bin mal gespannt wie es läuft 🤚
In ,die Polizei schlug wegen
Gold Player Picks. Bin eigentlich zufrieden mit Plea...werde ihn als Super Sub diese WL auf jeden Fall ausprobier…
Es gibt einfach Spiele in die DARFST DU NICHT GEWINNEN! Gute Torchancen = Tore Gegner Lappenschuss = Tore Belastend.
. Spiel mit :0 gewonnen
Meine Division Rang Rewards jetzt auf online! Packs &gt; Coins Lasst mal ein Kommentar da 🤗 …
Es ist endlich wieder Rewards Time liebe Leute! Nachdem wir direkt in der ersten Weekend League in FIFA uns…
Der langfristige Erfolg im Karrieremodus von kommt vor allem durch viel Budget oder die richtigen Talente.…
The Next Triumph Nach , haben wir den nächsten Spieler nach verm…
Wie waren eure Rewards? Hab aus Div Rang Untrade Marcelo, Dele Alli, Ruffier und Sancho gezogen lol
Neues Team für WL.
Am Ende wäre es verdient, starker Monat! Lange hab ich überlegt wem ich wähle und mir sogar noch einmal einiges ang…
Habe mir auf den Rat von , einige Ligue Spieler wie Dante oder Debuchy geholt. Mal sehen ob EA mir h…
Elite Belohnungen ️ Soll ich das TOTW-Pack auch öffnen? 🤔
️ REWARDS LIVESTREAM ️ Um :45 Uhr öffnen wir die ersten Weekend League Rewards in FIFA !! (Elite , Gold1)…
Warum hat dieses Jahr so viel Packluck?
Schaut beim neuen Video von vorbei. Da haben sich ein paar nette Karten im Borussia-Trikot vorgestel…
Ersten Rewards in Fifa Um :45 werden sie geöffnet! Haben Elite und Gold Rewards mal schauen ob gegönnt w…
.Spiel beim esports Tournament mit :0 gewonnen.
Dank einer Internetstörung kann ich bis jetzt noch nicht an die Playsi🤦‍️ Hab die Picks und Packs übers Handy gez…
: Icon Swap in FUT beginnt morgen.
x Gold Pack x Premium Goldspieler Pack x Seltene Gold Pack x Mega Pack UVM
Aktuelles Team
Gold Schmeckt
EK : k VK : k Profit ~ k Sehr netter Icon-Flipp. Habe ihn aber auch zum besten Zeitpunkt geholt denke ich…
Die erste Runde der Icon-Swaps beginnt. Auf welche sollte man hinarbeiten 🤔? …
Der größte FIFA-Wettbewerb Österreichs steht wieder in den Startlöchern Melde dich jetzt…
Wie findet ihr das Team?
Gesniped für - Münzen, verkauft alle für Münzen (Steigend). FIFA Trading …
Team bisschen verbessert
Kleiner Tipp vom Anfänger: Immoment könnt ihr gut snipen. Ob es Juve Spieler sind oder andere ist völlig egal.…
Florent Mollet sollte meiner Meinung nach definitiv einiges mehr wert sein. Mit Deadeye hat er richtig saubere Stat…
Weekend League in Unten seht ihr noch das Team, das Ergebnis und die picks
Nach den Rivals Rewards war ich erst "wutentbrandt" aber dann in den Goldupgrades.... 
Zurecht im Team der Woche, unser Zeigt uns eure roten Pl(e)ayer-Picks 🧐 | |…
Back to our cards... Der Kapitän!
Ihr wollt euer ️ Spiel verbessern? Wir haben die passenden Tricks von echten -Pros und…
WL - Week - Gold Team war echt gut WL-Belohnungen waren durchschnittlich, die Player-Picks mit Verratti wa…
Liebe Freunde, wer Lust auf ein kleines Rewards-Video hat, kann gerne reinschauen. Geöffnet wurden WL &amp; DR Rewards.…
FIFA Viel mit Auge …
Hab mir mal ein Team gebaut, falls Harit POTM kommt.
Geht doch Für k neu gekauft.
Und das alles weil man als First Owner im Verein hat. &lt;3 Grüße…
‍️“Krasse -Tutorials, die du da raushaust, !“ 🧔“Danke, ! Respekt, dass du jetzt auc…
Mit seiner starken Leistung im -Spiel gegen Augsburg hat sich -Stürmer einen Pla…
Silber rewards. Hab die jetzt aufgemacht. Das Monitor Problem von gestern besteht weiterhin. Ob heute ein …
Team für den anstehenden Qualifier steht!
Diese Server sind echt das aller letzte🤮man baut sich nach den Rewards sein Team um, hat richtig Bock zu zocken. Ma…
Versucht Renato Steffen für Münzen zu ersnipen! Ist bei den Hybrid Nationen zu benötigen, steigt teilweise gege…
Gleich um Uhr werde ich zu meinem letzten FIFA20 Livestream auf Twitch ausholen. Hat leider nicht geklappt wie…
Alle ziehen Bergwijn, Traore, Plea und dann komm ich mit Monnet und Jorghinho. Weiß nicht mal wie man die schreibt lel
Ein paar Matches in gespielt. Formation auf -3-3 umgestellt und auf paar Positionen umgebaut. Läuft…
Bin bereit für die nächste WL
Budget: k Wem langweilig ist kann ja das Team fertig bauen
Alle Tore der Hinrunde, hier als Zusammenfassung, ab morgen dann die Rückrunde …
Hätte schlimmer sein können
Ist das deine Freundin? Nein, DYBALA ich nur
Heute schon was Gutes gezogen?
absolut Weltklasse momentan
Rivals Belohnungen und die Frage stellt sich was ich mit dem soll ??
Na, wer hat Ihn schon? steht bei im ! Glückwunsch! ️
Team oder doch Team was meint ihr?
Heute gibts meine ersten Weekend Leeague Rewards und die Player Picks haben direkt mal mit ne…
Und da sind die Mio geknackt.
Machen?
Mahlzeit!
+++ ÜBERRASCHUNG +++ Auf Wunsch von der Community wächst die "CC-FAMILIE" weiter! In dieser Saison gibt es den…
Mit dem Team geht's in die und für mich richtige WL in Mal schauen Ziel : Gold . Ziel für nächste Verb…
Schaltet jetzt live bei ein! Er öffnet seine -Rewards! ️ I
Rivals - Belohnungen, läuft!
FIFA : Die Icon Swaps kommen am Freitag! via
Mit unserem neuen Partner, dem haben wir einen Schritt in eine neue Szene gewagt - Doch spielt u…
Gold + Rivals Division Rang Belohnungen
Kleines Update von gestern bzgl. meiner Skills: Ich hatte endlich so richtig spaß am Game, habe die Defense…
Das zeigt leider, dass die Proszene in FIFA viel besser strukturiert werden muss. Hoffe wird noch zu…
Hab aus Rang DIV Rivals Insigne und aus WL Gold Veratti und Adama. Bin zufrieden aber kann mir Pogba leider noch net leisten 🥺
Rote Karten naja, aber Semedo gefällt mir jetzt kann umgebaut werden
Mein bisher schönstes Tor in
NEXT LEVEL OFFENSIVTUTORIAL | DER ZERSTÖRER - KRYPTONIT FÜR CPU &amp; BUNKERN! Nach diesem Tutorial werdet ihr offensi…
Not Bad für die ersten Rewards
Guide: So verdient man schnell - und -Coins
Naja, nichts dolles, aber wenigstens endlich der erste Verkauf des Tages. Für k nachgekauft.
Kennt jemand gute Trader in FIFA auf dem PC?
Stream ist live ️ Top (30-0) Rewards um Uhr
Die nächsten Tage: Mögliche sbc 's. POTM PL POTM BL POTM Mls Flashback Swap icon sbc Puzzle sbc Ich De…
GG danke dafür Bessere Server wären mal angebracht
geht klar
Dieses Jahr werde ich das erste mal bei der E-Bundesliga() mit machen. Am .Oktober startet…
Hab Plea und Dunk gezogen bei den Playerpicks. Und ihr so? Bin Mega zufrieden mit Plea absolutes Beast…
Da kauft man sich heute morgen Griezi für sein Team...zack untauschbar gezogen und für k+ wieder verkauft. GG
Hier riecht es... PEPig 🤫
Fut Campions rewards gönnen mal anders da hat sich das schwitzen mit dem k Team bezahlt gemacht
Aufgrund von Zeitmangel die vergangene Weekend League mit Gold beendet... Die Picks sind zwar Müll, dafür haben…
Dries mein Junge...Du hast mich in FIFA20 hineinbegleitet...Deine IF Karte...Nun verkaufe ich dich mit k Gewinn.…
jo was geht.Ingame und fekir kommt für ansaldi.Budget:100k.Salah und AWB sind untrade.Danke
Wollt ihr mir nicht vielleicht direkt zwei Mal die selben Spieler geben?
Hallo neues Team ️
Mit Blick auf die baldige „first-owner-challenge“ habe ich bei den Rewards die untrades genommen. Bester Pick Vidal…
DIE ERSTEN FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS, eure und meine Rewards öffnen! …
Achja hier mal meine Karriere Aufstellung Hradecky Weiser Tah Retsos Sinkraven Demirbay Palacios Havertz Am…
Die ersten FUT Champions Rewards! x Gold Rewards x Elite Rewards x Top Rewards Ich öffne eure R…
Bin zufrieden
Kebab,drugs and gyros
Aus Rivals und WL Rewards Packs bekommen, jedes Pack nen Walkout, aber leider nur Benzema, Isco, Jorginho IF und…
Die Belohnungen von der WL und von Rivals waren ganz solide Insgesamt k rausgeholt und damit kann ich nochmal…
Silber Max Player Pick bin eig zufrieden wenn ich mir die Werte von dem Kollegen anschaue 🤔 Guter DEF Sub und…
Wie geht das in die Verlängerung?
Rewards waren so scheisse dass ich keine Bilder gemacht habe 🤷‍️
Elite hat gegönnt
REWARDS STREAM Die ersten WL Rewards sind da Ich habe absolut geisteskrank zerstört und mir den Silber …
Meine FUT-Champs Picks! Kann ich mit leben
Gibt nichts Besseres in Fifa wenn das Menü so aussieht Stream ist online, DR- und die ersten WL-Rewards ️…
Ich musste meine Packs leider öffnen, weil ich die Coins brauche..
Meine Elite Rewards! Playerpicks TOP, TDW Set FLop! Für -5 kann man aus nem IF Set definitiv mehr erwarten! Abe…
Am Handy ziehe ich besser als an der ps4
Rewards waren ganz ok würde ich sagen
Ok ja nice hat sich gelohnt
Playerpicks sind okay, TDW Pack + k Pack heb ich auf. Rivals Rewards waren unterirdisch. Hoffe ihr hatt…
Soooo aus Vernunft hab ich mich bei den Rivals Rewards für die k Coins entschieden. WL hab ich nicht gezockt aber…
Meine FUT Champions Rewards! Schulz, Plea Der Rest Und ihr so?
Hannover hat letzte Saison beim den Klassenerhalt geschafft. Nun auch noch ein Traumstart in die neue Saiso…
Player Picks waren Schmutz aber im k pack kam Hazard 🥳🥳🥳
Verkaufe mein Team! Spiele auf dem Account nicht mehr falls ihr Interesse habt schreibt mir
EA Server wieder Down???? Euer Ernst ... da freut man sich auf die und es geht nichts... es n…
Das, was die Rivals- nicht gönnen wollten, haben die WL-Rewards wieder ganz gut wettgemacht Bei der „Star…
WL-Rewards Gold Hauptsache ich hab bekommen k packs waren ️
- Tipps für Keeper, darauf sollte man achten:
Rewards Packs sind leider nicht sehenswert. Bergwijn als SUB bestimmt brauchbar. Dunk würde als SBC Futter genommen…
Wie ich es vermisst habe sich auf den Donnerstag zu freuen um dann doch nichts wirklich brauchbares zu ziehen. Aber…
Trotz Silber WL Punkte bekommen. Ist das normal?
Es reichen noch immer siege fuer direkte quali
Huch, wo öffne ich denn meine Picks?
Wir reden nicht darüber wie anstrengend diese war
Knöchel kaputt, aber trotzdem noch bis Gold gespielt. Hier meine Rewards. Was hattet ihr? …
Stream ist jetzt online kommt gerne mal vorbei link folgt.
Ich bring mich um
Joa. Nehm ich.
Zeigt her eure Reinfick Rewards !
EA macht vorzeitig Geburtstagsgeschenke Heftig, ich werde mich dann vorerst nicht über mein Packluck beschweren 🥰…
Gabriel Jesus bester Spieler aus meinen Divisional Rewards. Eher mau hoffe die Champ Rewards werden…
0.2019 Kleines Update meiner Transferliste: Wert: k Somit in dieser Woche den Wert um k gesteigert. So k…
Lohnt sich essien wenn ich goretzka und witsel schon habe? Mane und robertson kauf ich heute abend …
I'm live again! Come by... …
,2 oder ? Coins brauche ich aktuell jetzt eigentlich nicht wirklich (in dieser kleinen Menge ) also fällt für…
Auch wenn es nicht gerade das Beste TOTW ist, würde mich über - 🇦🇷 Dybala - 🇦🇷 Gomez - 🇵🇹 Semedo - 🇳🇱 Bergwijn -…
Heute kommen die rewards endlich! :00 Uhr live auf Twitch öffnen wir! …
Da ich grad schon wieder einige Kommentare auf Twitter sehr ⬇️ Denkt daran, DR-Rewards sind jetzt verfügbar, WL-Re…
In der App ziehen lohnt sich !
Moin Leute, heute wieder Fifa Stream!! Die letzten Spiele Squad Battles, wir stehen -0!! Kommt vorbei später!…
Ich wünsch euch ganz viel Glück bei euren Rewards ️ Haue um Uhr den Stream an, mal schauen was dann bei mir s…
Viel Glück heute jedem bei seinen WL Picks Auf einen Dybala oder Gomez 🥳 Denkt auch dran günstige Rare Karten ei…
Live mit -Div rivals rewards -SBCs -Teams bewerten
Der startet in wenigen Minuten. Wir fangen mit an und schauen mal wohin uns der bringt.…
Da ich unbedingt mal und If Testen will werde ich mir mal dieses Team hier Bauen ... Ich habe natürlic…
Habe jetzt schon kein Bock mehr...Der Pay2Win-Faktor wird damit wieder enorm gepushed... …
Rewards Day! Viel Glück bei euren ersten Rewards in Wir wissen alle wen man ziehen möchte. …
Rewards Day! Viel Glück bei euren ersten Rewards in Wir wissen alle wen man ziehen möchte. …
Kurzzeitig auf Skillpoints und dann wieder aif . Das Spiel hab ich noch immer nicht ganz durchschaut. Vor…
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Holt euch euere täglichen kostenlosen WebApp Anmelde-Boni! Münzen 🇬🇧 Get your daily f…
Maffiosis Good luck bei den Rewards Ich werde nicht viel einkaufen 🤔 Hoffe auf weitere Schnäppchen heute Aben…
Meine nächtlichen Verkäufe Juve Spieler leider viel zu niedrieg angeboten. Heute Abend wird nochmal nach/eingek…
stream geht an bisschen und dannch noch bisschen pewpew! bis gleich ich freu mich
Der wäre dope man
Hab harit gewählt und er hatts auch verdient
Für mich das schlechteste Fifa seit Jahren. Man hat keine Lust und Freude, das Spiel zu spielen.
GL an alle mit ihren ersten WL Rewards heute
Muss auch als Dortmunder gestehen er hat es sich wirklich verdient!
Bereit für thursday-flips
Votet mal alle für Harit den Ehrenbruder
Kleiner Invest David Luiz wird grad Panik gesellt für unter ,5k kaufen. Potentielle brauch man ihn für den POTM de…
In FIFA war es ja immer schon ein Nervenkitzel, ob man am nächsten Tag aufwacht und doch noch den Rang abgerutsc…
Selbst als BVB Fan, muss man neidlos anerkennen..
So WiRsT dU bEsSeR iN . Tiefe &amp; Passwege zustellen, stark. sKiLlLaStIgEs GaMePlAy
So sollten eure Coins aussehen In Bild seht ihr ein paar gefragte Spieler Mein Favorit: Matuidi! Warum? ️:…
Er hat echt geil gespielt bin zwar riesen großer Bayern Fan aber what a Player what a month …
Das erste k Pack dieses Jahr im Draft bekommen, waren Benzema und Jesus drin. Morgen dann endlich die ersten Rew…
ehhhh..., Fifa? Hallo..? Was habe ich getan?
HDR mode!
So training beendet gute Spiele gehabt morgen wird sich gegönnt fürs Mittelfeld
Guten Abend und Community, würde mich sehr über einen Retweet und Verbesserungen freuen. Habe k + …
Hey , ich weiß zwar nicht ob du das überhaupt siehst aber falls doch, würde ich mal gerne deine Meinung…
Was gibt es schöneres
Hat hier noch wer Hazard und kann mir bestätigen, dass er einfach nur ein Totalausfall ist ?
Hab‘s dann auch mal geschafft. 🤓 Üben du musst, gesagt hat. 🤷‍️
Leute kauft euch Luuk de Jong der könnte bis zu k steigen. Er wird momentan egal ob auf XBOX oder PS4 in vielen SB…
Draft-Finale verloren... Trostpreis bekommen Server sind trotzdem Müll
Junge wie willst du verteidigen jeder drecks Ball bounced zum Gegner zurück so eine scheisse man wird Belohnt einfach
Bin aus Rage vor na Woche in Div runtergegangen und komme seitdem nicht mehr von dieser Drecksdiv weg zum kotzen…
Momentan mein Team! Ich würd sagen -70% davon habe ich mir ertradet und den Rest gezogen! Mbappe war natürlich…
Das Team für die zweite steht! Bin auf die Doppelsechs mit Kanté &amp; Ndidi IF gespannt! …
Der Stream ist an, heute mal Latenight Rivals-Grind
Reicht ???
Ich bin so lost bei
NGL Cup gewonnen Gg an alle Gegner!
Bisschen Jube Spieler gesniped und dann das. Kann mir jemand helfen?
Da hat man auf jeden Fall noch Bock, das Game ist definitv eSports ready!
Wow ist quasi schon tot! Wenn es nicht langsam mal auf die Reihe bekommt und die Server verbess…
Ist ohnehin total verdient!
Endlich das erste mal was nices gezogen!
Der ist bei ,8k 🤔
Frage an die Community: In Division Rivals, wenn man in Rang ist, kann man irgendwo sehen, wie viel Puffe…
Scheinbar reicht es nicht Spieler des Spieltags zu werden, um ne zu bekommen! …
Weil's so schön war
Hab alle unter k bekommen, leider dann einen Bann in der WebApp bekommen
Ob Ter Stegen nur im Tor steht weil er bei FIFA eine er Wertung hat und Neuer nur , also Bank 🤷‍️
Von skillrating auf 🥳 was ein Tag 🥴
Gewinn nach ca. -40 Min. snipen ⬇️ k Falls ihr mehr Sniping-Filter sehen wollt lasst gerne ein ️ da …
Warum baut sich jeder ein PL Team, aber niemand ein solches? Preis/Leistung überragend
Ziehe ich morgen Dybala in ROT - er PSN / XBOX Guthaben geht im Stream raus an euch🤑 Ich zähle ab Uhr auf eu…
Ist grad zufällig jemand Division Rang und kann mir sagen, wie viele Punkte Rang hat? Würde gerne wissen, ob…
[XB1] Pro Club Mittwoch!! Mitglieder Suche !!! --Bis Uhr -- Schaut rein macht mit-- …
Die Leute sind absolut verrückt! k Profit in Minuten!
Bisschen snipen dies das.. wird safe deutlich teurer werden, seine normale Karte kostet schon k und er hat ne max…
How to snipe ⬇️ . Websitegröße auf mind. % . Mit der Maus auf „Search“ klicken . Dann auf „Buy Now“ gleich…
Kann mit bitte wer verraten was man in können muss außer permanent L2 halten, wenn der Gegner am Ball ist.…
Der Stream ist jetzt Online, wir brauchen nur noch Punkte bis zur WL, also auf gehts und keine Müdigkeit vort…
In Minuten startet das zweite Trainingsturnier! Teilnehmer spielen um FIFA Points. Alle Info…
Heute probieren wir uns Rang in Division Rivals zu holen. Ob das klappt? Kommt ran
Okay da immer und immer wieder mich Leute fragen wie ich snipe, soll ich euch mal nen kurzen Guide hier auf Twitter…
Update: Gewinn nach Min. ca. k
Danke für diesen dicken Buttplug, den Ihr Euren treuen Kunden ohne Flutschi in den Allerwertesten stopft. War a…
Schmeckt
Gewinn nach Min. ca. k Immer weiter Alle für &lt;1.8k gesniped
Können die Torhüter in die Bälle fest halten oder zu Seite abprallen lassen hab das Gefühl egal wie der Bal…
Leider fällt der Stream heute aus. Sorry Leute. Sehen uns morgen mit den Rewards und hammer Spielen mit dem .…
Kleiner Stream ist live:
Es ist unumgänglich. Stimmt für Harit ab.
Also ich kann echt nur empfehlen Liverpool Spieler &lt;2k zu ersnipen Innerhalb von Min. ca. k Gewinn …
Also die Juve-Spieler sind echt krass am laufen! Ich snipe gerade Juve-TW für K und verkaufe die für ,2K!
Profit schmeckt hab min gesnipet und für coins bekommen 🤑🤑
Ooohkay sbc's scheppern rein
Neue SBC ist draußen Könnt Liverpool Spieler aktuell sehr gut &lt;1.5k snipen und guten Profit machen …
Wenn man in so richtig ist, dann wenigstens bissl traden...
Ich zocke in meinem neuen -Video den absoluten Länderspiel-Klassiker "Deutschland vs. Niederlande." Es wurde…
Wie viel sind die Spieler im im echten Geld wert? Wie entwickeln sich die Preise der Akteure in diesem Modus?…
Ich komme von Tag zu Tag besser ins Spiel rein. Jetzt gilt es den vollen Fokus auf die nächste WL zu legen. So ne D…
Morgen Uhr Rewards-Stream 🥰 ️ Wird mal wieder Zeit für ein legendären Stream ⬇️ We…
Moin, moin ihr Ananas tragenden styler. So viele Schuhe die ich trage, doch die Nummer sind immer meine AF . Wel…
Stream wieder Online! Rivals Grind geht weiter und ab :00 der Cup!
Hab auf der Arbeit nebenbei noch x seltene Goldspieler-Packs gemacht und es hat sich schon gelohnt🤩 (4/7)
Einfach King
Ex-FIFA-Weltmeister hat bei von Jay-Z unterschrieben 🤩
Er hat es sich ja verdient
“Alles korrekt. Der Ball war hinter der Linie.“
Momentan macht Fifa kein Spaß egal ob Fut oder Karrieremodus. Unlogische sachen as fuck. Und des demotiviert einen…
lol, bin nun in der . Season in und plötzlich spiele ich keine Champions League mehr und wenn ich auf die…
:00 Uhr neues TOTW! | Division Rivals Grind | Road to Glory JETZT LIVE!
Was soll das
Lets Göö!! Stream ist an, kommt ran! …
Die erste in ist gespielt! ️ Sowohl als auch haben ⃣8⃣ Siege gehol…
FOR SALE FOR SALE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!fast geschenkt nur zugreifen.. es lohnt sich!!!!! .…
nur für dich
Würdet ihr mir IF anstatt von empfehlen?
Bin Bayernfan und Coutinho hätte mich echt gefreut aber ich muss zugeben Harit war einfach besser …
Auch in dieser Woche ist ein -Spieler wieder im vertreten! ️ Glückwunsch, ! Absolut…
Ultimate Team: veröffentlicht – das offizielle Team of the Week ️
BESSER ER WIRD POTM AMK
Lemar mit Gewinn verkauft Nachgekauft
Heute 0 Uhr und mehr. ob das gut geht? Wir werden sehen
Prime Time Mike startet kurz nach Uhr in den Menü-Abend🥳 TOTW -🆘 Markt -🧐 Trashtalk - 🥳 Nervige Fragen 🤣 Un…
Meine wichtigste Regel für ÜV ist „GEDULD“! Ich habe auch genügend Nullrunden am Tag und auch wie jetzt Verkäufe…
.Ehre
Guter Start in den Tag!
Bekannte Bundesliga-Profis haben es ins vierte geschafft. Das Team der Woche wird aber von Stars aus Italien…
Am Sonntag geht's weiter: Das nächste -Turnier auf unserem Portal steht an
⬇️ NEUES Video ⬇️ Neuer Tag, Neue PARTIE!!! Heute trifft der AKTUELLE Champions League SIEGER FC LIVERPOOL auf de…
Nicht dass das TOTW Ultra schlecht wäre.. aber ein paar Entscheidungen sind mMn. schon irgendwie Fragwürdig? TOTW…
Viele FIFA-Spieler träumen vom Gewinn der Weltmeisterschaft. Realisieren lässt sich dieser aber nur über Erfolg in…
Diese Server und dieses unfassbare Delay machen das Spiel ( ) sooo kaputt! Macht Spaß so zu spielen. Mac…
Heute haben wir mal ein schönes Spiel. Fifa gegen die Dortmunder. …
Bin gespannt welche Spieler mir morgen angeboten werden. 🤔🤙
Die TOP Investments aus dem in - Egal, ob für den BL oder EPL , oder für Swaps, es ist…
Es gibt nur einen Wahren POTM!
Die besten Informs .
Nach der nächste im von Wer packt sich in die französische Fohlen…
Die Top5 im - Meine Nummer Eins ist hier Semedo - Mega RV in diesem Jahr und der IF wird safe teuer …
Die lieben Finanzen - und Co. spielen neben dem Ruhm auch für Preisgeld. Aber und seine Vorgänger s…
sieht halt so mittelgeil aus. Paar geile Spielbare Jungs, aber in die Serie A möchte ich sowieso nicht gehen…
Endlich.... für k gekauft
nur der
Traden???? kann ich nicht daher auf packluck im Draft hoffen und bisschen Rivals ️
Das sieht nach einem sehr guten aus
. Hat er halt verdient
Alle bitte für Harit abstimmen️
Das neue in - Wenig Mittelmaß, ein paar Kracher und viele Abstoß-IF
Der schnellste Rechtsverteidiger in ganz
Da haben wir direkt die nächste -Karte für unsere !! ️ Glückwunsch an ! Absolut verdi…
Bergwijn oder Plea morgen währen vollkommen Okay!
Diese Sarabia OTW Panikverkäufe🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Grüße aus dem Trainingslager. Übe jetzt die Basics, um irgendwann ernsthaft spielen zu können.
Pickford momentan k sehr leicht zu snipen für k
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best Bundesliga Team – Lewandowski, Reus, Werner &amp; more - RealSport
Bergwijn hammer für jeden der Promes gemacht hat. Semedo, Hernandez, Gomez und Dybala auch klasse
Uff Na dann haben wir noch ne nice WL mit Hazard vor uns
Bekomm ich Plea aus dem Player Pick stoß ich ihn ab 🤮
OMG! Hatte erst gedacht, ich hätte einen guten ÜV-Deal gemacht. Aber Semedo ist wirklich um % im Preis angestiege…
Joa so ist das
Neues TOTW ab Uhr in den Sets
Das neue ab heute Abend in den Packs
Auch als Bayernfan muss man sagen, dass der Junge diesen Monat einfach zerstört hat.
Leaks stimmten wieder ⬇️
Starke Leistung! Das -Trio bestehend aus (), ()…
Der zweite steht zur Wahl. Hab ihr schon für unseren Stefan gevotet? 🧐 Jetzt unter folgendem Link ab…
Wählt alle als Bundesliga Player of the Month!
weitere sind noch drauf! Easy money Low Budget Trading geht immer
Bin ja echt gespannt auf das kommende . Hab zwar nur Gold geholt, aber Picks habe ich. Bei der nächsten W…
Zeit für 'ne Karriere, aka. neuer Hertha Trainer? (btw. mein Trainer ist ja mal voll der komische Dude.)…
auf Ehre das . Mal abgestimmt
Der Ekelhafteste Spieler gegen den ich bisher in Fifa gespielt hab 🤬 Führt :0 und Spielt ab der Minute auf Z…
Heute Morgen war ich unterwegs -&gt; Vergessen Hazard für k zu verkaufen Ich hoffe jetzt einfach mal, dass er…
: Zum Karriereende von Bastian Schweinsteiger fordern Fans eine spezielle FUT-Karte.
NEUES VIDEO IST ONLINE! Nochmal Danke an &amp; Thumb:…
zufrieden?
Gönn mal PSN
Drei Bayern-Stars nominiert! Wer wird Spieler des Monats September? …
ist mit den Servern und den lags leider absolut unspielbar.
Ganz klares Ding!
KO-Phase erreicht beim Star Cup
Immer im Hype verkaufen
Die Wahl vom POTM Bundesliga ist online! Stimmt alle ab ️🤑
Tag in ! Heute: Talk, Rivals Grind &amp; ein wenig chillen! Live ab :30! …
Darf ich vorstellen: Mein Erstbesitzer PL Team Only aus SBC &amp; Bonus Packs
Votet für ihn hat es sich safe verdient
“smiling” Kai Havertz (Bayer Leverkusen)
Ticket Info Satellite Feldbach! Morgen sind wir wieder mit Tickets im Raum Feldbach unterwegs! Nutzt eure Chance un…
Ehre wem Ehre gebührt .
Österreicher haben Vorrang
Alle Harit nehmen dann können auch Casual Spieler den machen.
Sarabia Ich hoffe ihr habt Sarabia OTW im Hype verkauft falls ihr investiert hattet
k profit mit busquets und k Gewinn mit veratti... Auscashen Jungs?
Ab nach Kölle. Bootcamp mit den Teamkollegen von steht an! 🤙
Er hätte es verdient!
Sorry dass ich grade so am Hypen bin wegen Harit aber wir müssen uns einfach durchsetzen
Eden Hazard Leider kein Eden Hazard im , wäre zu nice gewesen
Einzig wahre option
Neues Video ist online! Ich zeige euch mal meine Überteuert Verkaufen Liste und ziehe nebenbei De Bruyne im Vorbest…
Bitte alle für Harit abstimmen. Tut was damit Harit gewinnt …
Wählt ihn!!!
weiß zwar nicht wer hatit ist, aber er hat it drauf!
Weil Österreich! Die Maschine!
:3 Schüsse. Mein Team muss wohl total vergessen haben wie man Tore schießt. Und das ist nur eines der vielen…
Liebe Timeline: Abstimmen für Günni! ️
Für Harit abstimmen. JETZT!
Bitte votet selbst wenn ihr kein Fifa spielt. Tut es für uns. 🥰
Ich habe mich für entschieden, da Gladbach super spielt, Tabellenführer ist un…
FIFA | VOLTA STORY Folge : Der Boiler in Amsterdam ► Folge ansehen: …
Selbst als Dortmunder muss man sagen verdient.
Nach dem gestrigen Shitstorm den sich redlich verdient hat wird es heute um Uhr sicher eine ne…
Muss sein.
️️️ ÜV-Neulinge aufgepasst ️️️ Da ich immer wieder nach ÜV-Tipps gefragt werde, wollte ich euch einmal ein p…
Wieder ein Freiburger
Ich mach ein auf ehrenmann und vote für harit
Es wäre nur verdient
Richtig und wichtig
Was für ein Spieler, was für ein Monat!
Tut das gut endlich den ersten ÜV-Verkauf seit gestern Abend zu sehen Alderweireld +10k Hoffe die Zeiten werd…
Habt ihr alle schon gevotet?
Wen habt ihr für den September gewählt? 🤔 Denke mal wird sich zwischen Harit und Coutinho entschei…
Muss sein ️
Ehrenbruder Harit kommmm
Wahnsinns Spieler! Gut für die Buli!
Potential End of an Era Card: Bastian Schweinsteiger!
. alles für einen kleinen glücklichen Simon🤷‍️
Ehre
Wenn ich Neuhaus rausnehme und nen PL ZM da hin tue. Geht die Chemie dann hoch oder runter?
Weil er es einfach verdient hat! Starke Leistungen müssen belohnt werden!️ …
hat er verdient oder nicht ?
⁦⁩ ehren bruder Harit
Ich vote trotzdem für den besseren Spieler 🤭
Weil Verdient!!
Er hats verdient... leider
Selbst als Dortmunder muss man sagen er hats verdient
den einzig wahren harit wählne
Obwohl Dortmund Fan. Harit bekommt auf Ehre POTM!
Wer nicht für Lainer stimmt steht auf nackte Kinder. Fakt!
kuss geht raus
auch wenn er gegen uns doppelt getroffen hat
Als Bayernfan - aber absolut verdient
Come on EA gönn mal
ich Habs getan 🤣
Heute Abend geht es ab ca. 0 auf Twitch zur Sache. Wir müssen noch zu Ende draften, eventuell den Aufstieg in D…
Hier ihr asozialen Schalker
Gesucht: Der im September! ▪️ () ▪️Christian () ▪️Josh…
Wäre einfach verdient!
Alle mal fleißig VOTEN .Potm Harit wäre anders ehre..
Macht bitte Harit auf Ehre.
FINALLY!!!! Erstes Freistoßtor in
Ehrensache
Abfahrt
Es gibt nur einen diesen Monat!
Alle für ihn Voten. Wann wird ein…
Harit muss es werden und das schreibe ich ohne Schalker Brille!
Philippe Coutinho ist mein Bundesliga POTM!
Oder für unseren Zauberer stimmen ️
gönn safe win🤪🤪
Gönnt dem ehrenbruder nen vote
Für unsere Lebensversicherung zum ️
fürn potm muss dann eine zm Karte her!
Ehre, wem Ehre gebührt
Kandidaten Designs für den Buli POTM
Auch wenn wir gegen Coutinho eh keine Chance haben: Wer nicht wählt, hat den Fußball nie geliebt! …
Nächster Icon flip! Ek k Vk k Profit: k
Votet für den einzig wahren
Gibt da diesen Monat keine Diskussion er oder Lewa und eigentl…
Jungs wählt ihn die Karte .
Wer auch sonst?!
Wenn jemand kein Spiel geschaut hat und meint, Coutinho hätte es mehr verdient, als Harit. Mein Gott...🤦‍️…
Er hats am meisten verdient
Endlich ist es da FIFA am Start für euch
für dich Nam
Krank wie Harit gespielt hat
Auch wenn Lainer nominiert ist, muss man sagen dass Harit es mehr als nur verdient hat
musste ihn nehmen da ich ihn im Team haben will. Grüße an mein…
Ehrenbruder
Auf Ehre
Neuer Monat, neue hoffnung auf ein freiburger
So und nicht anders
Bitte tut mir und den anderen Fans vom den gefallen und wählt …
Wäre ne Geile und günstige Karte🤔
zwar n Schalker aber POTM Harit würde schmecken
Selbst als Dortmunder für !
Ihr habt JETZT die Möglichkeit für als POTM in abzustimmen! Gibt dem Jungen eure Stimme. ️️
Absolute verarsche diese Abstimmung.
Einfach direkt Nummer hinterher dann wird er langsam Spielbar
Wäre verdient
Selbst als Dortmunder muss man diesen Monat zugeben, was der geleistet hat war krank Do it …
Hund wer den nicht wählt
Alles außer Harit wäre lächerlich, er hat die meisten Tore aller zur Auswahl stehenden Spieler gemacht (mit Lewando…
Muss man einfach ma ehrlich sein
Bitte alle für Harit voten oder euer Ärmel rutscht beim Hände waschen runter!
Alle für Harit stimmen
Twitter ich brauche etwas Hilfe. Wir wollen von der Jugendarbeit ein Fifa Turnier veranstalten. Da ich selber kein…
Wenn's nicht wird, verliere ich den Glauben an die Menschheit.
Vote for Günter
Abstimmen für Harit Freunde !!!
Wer jemand anderen wählt, hat den Fußball nie geliebt.
Wer nicht für Harit votet, soll mir bitte entfolgen.
er bitte
Ihr könnt jetzt für den POTM Buli Voten!!
Die Zeit ist gekommen, um den September zu krönen Stimme jetzt für deinen Gewinner ab …
Wenn ihr mit mir gemeinsam beim Finale für den antreten wollt, dann nützt jetzt die Möglic…
Meinungen/Verbesserungsvorschläge? Ich plane Son und Alaba für Coman und Roussilon als nächstes
Eure ehrliche Meinung zurzeit zu ? Spiele gar nicht, weil einfach keine Zeit/Lust, aber sehe schon einige Hatewellen ankommen🥶
Premier League Spieler für erbieten,und dann zwischen -450 sofortkaufpreis verkaufen. Gewinn in einer stunde…
Heute Abend gibts das Finale gegen danigudi91 und danach paar runden schaut doch vorbei St…
Ich habe gestern zum . mal eine ÜV Liste erstellt, und die Spieler gehen mMn. gut weg. Circa Spieler seit geste…
Mit welchem soll ich meine Karriere starten?
kann man nicht nur an der Konsole zocken - wie die -Asse um bei der -…
VVD gepacked OMG bester Pull bisher in EA gönnt hart zur Zeit
Daily reminder! 🇩🇪 Holt euch euere täglichen kostenlosen WebApp Anmelde-Boni! Heute hatte ich den „Jackpot“: …
Über eine Woche liegt hinter uns. eSports-Redakteur berichtet über seine Erlebnisse.
Der . Spieltag+Transfer+Grüße via
Braucht ihr nen Powerboost für eure nächste Late-Night FIFA-Session? Zusammen mit &amp;…
Schleppender Start in einen neuen Tag, aber wenigstens der erste Verkauf.
Das Team rwerfurt1966proclub trennt sich nach tollen Spielen mit jeweils zu im Hin- und Rückspiel in den er…
Guten Morgen zusammen 🧐 In ein paar Minuten starten wir in den Mittwoch , live Markt stei…
Der am Geht in wenigen Minuten auf Wir starten mit …
: ist aktuell im PlayStation Store für € im Angebot. Endlich! Mit werde i…
Hab mich heute morgen wieder ein bisschen eingedeckt Ein paar Spieler für ÜV sind ebenfalls eingekauft worden, da…
Die Ereignisse der letzten Tage haben mich sehr irritiert. Faktisch hat die Spielerschaft kein Communityma…
️ Save the Date! ▫️Montag, 0. ab Uhr ▫️Jugendclub "" am alten Busbahnhof ▫️Fragerunde rund um…
"Heute dürfen wir euch den neuen Hauptsponsor der ProLeague vorstellen: Team Gahmann Schillinger ist Partner von LR…
Die Verkäufe heute morgen in Stunde . Pepe nicht nachgekauft, k gewinn. James geht wie geschnitten Brot. …
:9 war das Ergebnis der ersten WL. Definitiv unnötige Niederlagen mitgenommen. Da war mehr drin. Training fürs nä…
Versuchen wir uns mal an die Icons
An die Community: Welches Paar findet ihr besser?
Soeben die mio Transfererlös geknackt …
Dieses Draft wegen nem Dc von Ea verloren
Auch endlich in div
Wohl nur eine Frage der Zeit bis er wieder extinct ist
Let's Go mit meiner ersten Sprint to Glory! ️ Ziel: FC Bayern I im CL Finale besiegen. Transfervorschläg…
Möge er mir permanent ein Lächeln ins Gesicht zaubern! ️
Der billigste R9 ist bei ,2 Mio. are you schörzing? Gestern noch ,8 Mio. Ich kann ihn mir mittlerweile leisten, a…
Aktuell stecke ich in DIV fest. Ziel ist mal Team verbessern, dann ist DIV safe drinnen. Es wird schön langsam.…
Neues Video auf meinem Kanal online einmal abchecken und Genießen Die Kehrtwende beim BSC…
OMG EA gönnt grad so heftig! Einfach nebenbei beim Tutorial fertigstellen gepacked!
Hab nun auch mal die er Marke überschritten Ich muss unbedingt mein Rivals Gameplay auch in der WL rüberbringe…
Etwas spät aber das Video gab es natürlich schon um Uhr. heute mal ein verdienter Sieg.
Hat jemand eine Alternative für Griezmann und Isco? Spiele -3-2-1 Mbappe im Sturm. Budget K kann natürlich beid…
Booooooom Erster Big Deal Nach Steuern 50 coins Gewinn direkt neu für k
Wer das nicht kennt, hat FIFA nie geliebt Was macht man nicht alles für Coins 🥰
Wow! von Spielern in einer Runde verkauft auch wenn Lo Celso nur etwas über dem Marktwert war …
Abends gingen nochmal weg! Asensio, LF, NIF +4.175 Lodi, LV, NIF +665 Dafür neu: Rodri, ZM, OTW für 50…
Das passiert übrigens nicht nur im Karriere-Modus, sondern auch wenn du ein eigenes Turnier erstellt... 🤯 …
Ohne Witz es reicht solangsam Der Karrieremodus und Pro-Clubs sind verbuggt. In Pro-Clubs gibt ein s…
Jo am Wochenende gibt es wieder Livestreams von mir
€ PACKS, nicht ein Walkout und der teuerste Spieler K... DANKE EA !!! …
Meine Trades von heute ..... nicht die Wucht aber immerhin
Alter ... was soll das wieder? Der spielt stamm, hat nen geilen Vertrag, zeigt gute Leistungen und ist m…
Nächstes Mal anbieten... Nächster Verkauf.. Nicht nachgekauft.
Immoment läuft es echt ganz gut!
Neue Stärken und alte Schwächen: bei uns im .
Neue Stärken und alte Schwächen: bei uns im .
Für die erste Weekend ligue qualifiziert!
Frage an alle - Zocker: Welchen Modus spielst DU am häufigsten? • • • …
Fifa20 bockt richtig Grüße gehen an
Profitmaximierung ganz einfach: Ligen SBC's streichen, täglichen Content minimieren = mehr Fifa Coints verkaufen?…
Neueeeerr !!!
Livestream geht in Min online! Gern mal vorbei schauen Ich mach ein paar Games + s…
Heute früh von paar non-rares mitgenommen (jeweils , Abends gehen die ÜV-Verkäufe gut weg, hab meine Preise alle…
Kranke Karte 🤫
Bin wieder online auf kommt vorbei und habt Spaß …
Da merkt man das die so wenig Ahnung vom Fußball hat wie die oder Out Anhänger... ist…
Ich suche bei den . Warum?
Habe heute das erste Mal gespielt und mein erstes Tor war ein Eigentor. Zocken kann ich.
k unter dem aktuellen Marktpreis war mindestens Minuten auf dem Markt. Sollte n schönes Investment sein …
Die erste ist und bleibt die schönste
Huch, erstmal Sane aus nem k Pack gezogen, k Wert ca.
Im Spiel Mönchengladbach gegen Die Heimfans von MG waren niemals so laut, die Fortunen waren…
TOTW-Prediction. Hazard wäre ne Granate, der Rest eher wieder SBC-Futter. Van Aanholt kein schlechter Link zu Prome…
IAM BACK! 🤙 Wir spielen ! Chilliger Stream am Abend Schaltet ein &amp; unterstützt mich! RETWEETS APPRECIAT…
Kommt wie gerufen!
Also Sané steht das Bayern Trikot echt gut
Wir sind live, hoffentlich halten die Server dieses Mal
Trotz Erkältung jetzt live auf ! Ein paar lässige Rivals mit meinem aktuellen Team. Langsam geht es…
Ihr entscheidet über mein neues WL-Team Welches Team findet ihr besser? 🤔 Team Neymar oder Team Mbappe? Sch…
Mein großen problem mit ist, dass es bei mir jetzt schon anfängt nur am wochenende die WL zu spielen und da…
Nehm ich gerne mit
Wieder live! Squad Battles!!! Kommt vorbei, wenn ihr Bock habt.
Zur Abwechslung mal keine SBC um h? Alle mal klatschen für den tollen Content. Wie kann man nur so unkreativ sein...
HIVE GOES FIFA und ihr seid eingeladen! Seid dabei bei Frankens ersten, wöchentlichen FIFA20 Turnierserie, dem HFS…
Leider ohne neuen Content von
Jeden Tag freu ich mich auf :00 Uhr und ne kleine Puzzle-SBC... jeden Tag werd ich aufs neue enttäuscht
Tech Avion regelt .... neu für k
Dieser Moment wenn der Gegner bis zur Minute :0 führt und auf Zeit spielt und du ihm dann Tore innerhalb von…
FIFA "Train the Streamer" is baaaack !! Helft mir besser zu werden ihr seid meine Trainer !! Bis Uhr -Schau…
Um :30 ist der Stream an, wir haben ein Weekend League Team zu planen...
⬇️ NEUES Video ⬇️ Willkommen zum . Video in der Champions League, im heutigen Match Trifft der Überlegene FC Che…
⏰ T minus Stunden Morgen ist es endlich soweit! Wir dürfen euch unseren diesjährigen - Kader präsent…
Die erste Weekend League in beendete mit einem starken :2 Endresultat! Somit ist Fabio f…
Ich bin grad dabei mein neues WL-Team zu planen, bin aber noch relativ unentschlossen 🤔 - habe Mio. Coins Budg…
Weiter Verkäufe des Tages. Nicht alle nachgekauft da die ÜV Liste aussortiert wird... Bietet immer euer Team an. Je…
Fifa20... Mauern lernen, rechtzeitig Dreiecks-Taste vergewaltigen.... das ist Fifa ...
Genug Ultimate Team für heute ...
Hier meine UV-Empfehlungen für diese Woche - -15k pro Spieler. …
Auch endlich in der er Gang Läuft aktuell deutlich besser als letzte Woche!
Weils Gestern so schön war gibts heute noch ein . Wie immer in Farbe und in Bund, sowie zu empfangen…
Mein mit ner Menge und kommt ran
Heute Championsleague Karten Wir schauen was der Dienstag bringt Evtl hat ja jemand Lust auf nen Stream -…
Wer sich für interessiert findet das hier richtig witzig! Sehr geile Idee!
FIFA Community Discord -Verschiedene Channel -Kostenlose Hilfe zu sämtlichen Tradingmethoden -Custom…
Waiting for installation!! Besser spät als nie
EINE ABSOLUTE ️- LEGENDE!!! könnte eine END OF AN ERA SBC in den nächsten Tagen b…
„Der wird auch in diesem Jahr nicht an der Virtual Bundesliga teilnehmen.“…
Hey Leute, alles klar bei euch? Ich bin um Uhr wieder live. Erstmal bisschen quatschen about something, you know…
Bin live ! Habe Mbappe gezogen in sprich jetzt können wir die Walcott SBC beenden und uns was feines holen…
Ich spiele zum ersten mal in Fifa den FUT modus. sei dabei wie ich faile!
Ab in die Rückrunde mit Mannheim in der . Liga und den Aufstieg klar machen!
Erster Icon-flip! Ek: k Vk: k Profit after tax: k Grüße gehen raus an
Hat jemand Erfahrung mit Garrincha er? 🤔 Wenn, wie fandet ihr ihn?
Auch im hohen Alter grüßt mal wieder von der Spitze …
Wen als st?
Zwei ÜV Verkäufe am Morgen sind immer was schönes . Pirlo gekauft für k, gab n paar schöne Deals gestern, hatt…
Was für ein Tor...
Neue Eckball Variante...
FIFA Ultimate Squad Battles Täglich ab Uhr auf mein Twitch Kanal: …
Schweinsteiger SBC ?
Listenupdate Nur Spieler auf der Liste, weil andere Methoden ausprobiert werden! Dennoch den Wert von …
Wochenübersicht . KW Gesamt einen Gewinn von 95! Sehr schlechte Woche, aber andere Trading-Methoden…
beendet aktive Fussballkarriere. Alles Gute, Schweini! …
Danke
UHR TRADING METHODE ERKLÄRT! Thumb:
Nach den Elfern hat den neuen Freistößen bei auf den 🦷 gefühlt! Schaut’s euch an! |…
Auf Weltklasse gewinnen ich :0/4:0, auf Legende ist es andersrum. Das macht echt keinen Spaß.
Rivals grinden und mehr !!! 🤟 Jetzt LIVE &lt;3 Schaut rein. Freue mich über jeden der vorbeischaut &lt;3…
Jajajaja Vielleicht erinnert sich noch jemand, wo seinen Signature-Jubel so richtig etabliert hat? W…
Bisschen Rage am Nachmittag, dann kurze Pause und danach RP.
BACK. IN. BUSINESS K Deal‼️ Da ist der erste dicke Fisch🦈 in ⏫+89.500 Coins 🆕53.000 Coins
Bin jetzt Live auf Twitch! Einschalten und mitmachen
seit wann kann ich mal den gleichen Spieler auf der reservebank haben
Durch die Server Probleme gestern bissel Freistöße geübt
Theo Walcott Flashback Sbc ! Lohnt sich das denn überhaupt ?
Heute gibtsden Spieltag der Bundesliga, plus ein paar Vertragsverlängerungen …
Zum Glück habe ich mir nicht gekauft. Der Karrieremodus ist ein einziges Chaos. Schämt euch ,…
Hääää Auch nach fachem Anschauen, keine Ahnung
Wie kommt man bei an seine Vorbestellerpacks?
Die ersten Verkäufe zum Mittags-Kaffee! Haller, ST, OTW +8.925 Militao, IV, NIF +8.988 (neu 50) Dazu neu:…
So Leute ich will anfangen mit road to glory mit und suche schon mal gute Transfers bzw Spiel…
Hallo Leute, Brauche mal eure Hilfe spiele mit folgendem Team und möchte mir auf lf eine icone oder Spieler holen,…
H𝕖𝕦??𝕚𝕘𝕖 𝔼𝕣𝕗𝕠𝕝𝕘𝕖: x Gigot (🇫🇷) EK: VK: x Debuchy (🇫🇷) EK: VK: x Augusto(🇧🇷) EK: VK: …
, und Co. versuchen sich an den -Skillspielen 🧐 Macht ihr am mehr Punkte als die…
Auch mal die er Marke geknackt. Komme immer besser rein!
DER GEZIELTE SPIELAUFBAU IN FIFA - SO KOMMT IHR ZU VIELEN TORCHANCEN! Setzt diese drei Schritte um und Torchanc…
Tag in &amp; wir geben weiter Vollgas! Rivals grinden, das neue Team testen &amp; Spaß haben! Bis gleich! Ach…
Stronglink Investment für die Rewards am Donnerstag, alle für unter k mitgenommen. Wenn Adama einen RW Inform bek…
OTW Karten zu ihren nationalen Icons inkl Zaha ( Seasonpass ) War nur so ein Gedankengang bezüglich Teambau in der…
Endlich wurde die Pricerange von Ferland Mendy angepasst
Spiele den ️ CEC E-Cup Kiel powered by ⬅️ auf der PS4 im er Modus. Team: SpVg Geissbock/Fohlen…
Tottenham Hotspur vs Arsenal!
Hier meine verkauften Spieler die ich seit gestern Abend angeboten habe! Es ist noch potenzial…
I'm grossen und ganzen voll zufrieden aber irgendwas fehlt da noch
Team of the Week würdet ihr euch über die beiden in euren Picks freuen? Modric oder Hazard 🤷‍️ einer von b…
In wenigen Wochen steht das erste FIFA Turnier von PENTA1860 an! Melde dich noch heute an und werde Teil des erst…
Wie schlimm ist denn bitte das Rivals gameplay ?? ▶
UK-Charts: bleibt an der Spitze, kann nicht EAs Titel einholen.
Die Wahrscheinlichkeit für eine 🇦🇺 Flagge steigt! Auf geht’s! 🤙🇦🇹
Man kann hier doch mittlerweile getrost von offensichtlicher Kundentäuschung und Betrug reden. Wieso…
Hätte so lust auf ...wäre es nur nicht so teuer
Gemma Burschen hol ma uns a paar Qualis des Jahr hätt ich gsagt, oder? 🇦🇹