Anyone ?
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Viewers picking my st red went pretty well Rest of the rewards coming now... …
Elite rewards
I did it again... 🤦‍️
Show me your red picks!
Gold Rewards! You love to see it!
Not bad for Digne all day long...
I hate this Patch🤮🤮🤮why are the Server always soooooo bad🤔
Tell me your secrets to score a goal against these players 🤣
Squad update: Mertens Salah. Today probably -3 test matches in Rivals and waiting for Friday evening or late nig…
New squad for the upcoming weekend league
We are now live with some Rivals and Champs rewards! Monthly in the pannel!…
First decent pack
Upcoming () Smashball Series tournaments: Oct Meyersdal Oct Rosebank Cape Town…
Be live in an hour with sets of rewards including that but in the meantime...what were you…
️Try to snipe: - Ter Stegen - Alisson --- …
Anyone accidentally bought fifa points instead of Fifa ? How do I go about swapping them over 🤣🤣
Streaming my rewards at !!!
I got this for totw player pick &amp;
Starting the Icon Swaps today and firstly opening the division rivals rewards. Come chill with us!…
They say they fixed it, right?! Career Mode: • I still can’t skip a match with my own team sheet • Professional lev…
How was everyone’s rewards?
It's rewards time... viewers get to pick my first red player... GET INVOLVED
UPDATE TEAM!!
FIFA PLAYER CAREER MODE ! - HOW MAY I ASSIST YOU?!!?! via I turned into…
Hi I am a Professional Web Designer With years Eerience, visit my profile to know the details. This is my Fiv…
your advert is stupid, ''wrong is the new right'' not the best message to send people is it
Ready for the next wl
There is no point of using loan without the option to buy, please solve this career mode
First time going all in for
Rewards wasnt as good as I was hoping, was banking on the gold op
FIFA20 FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! WEEK2 🇳🇱
Prime time to sell today will be between pm-6pm, a lot of prices have already started rising
Can someone list base Pele for mil on Xbox please
I am yet to pack a walkout from Champs, Rivals or SB rewards in . SBC packs have been good tho, packe…
SNIPING PLAYERS BERNARDO SILVA IS A REALLY GOOD PLAYER TO SNIPE NOW WE HAVE JUST HAD OUR PAK REWARD THEY ARE POPING…
Silver Rewards were very kind to me. Main squad has had some big upgrades, aswell as the other squads having som…
Klose and Roberto Carlos or Ballack and Okocha I run a Bundes/Germany squad Any advice?
Austrian in If you are playing , tell us who is your go to player in your squad and show…
INDIA IN FIFA WORLD CUP - FIFA Series! Match - India vs Netherlands Link: Like.…
FIFA Ultimate Scream: FUT Halloween release date, predictions for Ultimate Team - Daily Star
First icon in . Get innnn.
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿VFL CHELSEA󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 League Game ⏰-Friday- (8PM)
I want this video to be watched by the maximum number of people. Dembele went away and didn't come back …
Teams looking tasty now, just BIG upgrades to make from now. First team is my main, second is what I will be using…
Let's open those packs!
Gold for this...🤷‍️🤷‍️ I mean Kane is rated &amp; usable at times but I struggle to see how this is worth it.…
Where do you guys think I could do with strengthening? Gonna do some trading today to get a marquee signing for w…
This Red Wijnaldum looking beautiful !!!!!
follows left to the first hundred ️ follow for more predictions, trading tips and investment strategies
What did you get in your rewards? I got Lozano+ Javi Martinez, but only got div rank , but for next week it wi…
Show me your rewards!
FUT Champions Rewards! OMG WE ACTUALLY PACKED HIM | Mission MLS Ep Ultimate Team
I have been missing out on Fifa Ultimate Team all these years. Addicted to it this year. Time for a cuppa tea and t…
Got icon swaps, who should i get?
Gold from Decent !
We take those...welcome Sonaldo
Such a great game!
What did you get as a reward for playing this "beautiful" game?
and i packed my first walkout in fifa20
This card looks unreal for the price of k! I'm definitely picking a few up from I put a Powerhouse on…
Ligue POTM has potential to drop today. Still not sure on it, it’s new so they could do anything with it. Hop…
You guys deserve to Know when I lose aswell, I am a noob in flipping Icons
Hopefully we’ll have a good Day of Content today at pm. - Marquee Matchups - Ligue POTM - Group SBC‘s ?
What did we all get in our rewards? 🤔🤔
Anyone having a issue with the on the players on the challenges and in myclub are saying not fou…
Not been able to connect in two days
This is fine. Referees are fine.
It's taken me a while but I've finally managed to get my FUT team to rated. Bear in mind I'm not one who spends…
FUT champs and rivals rewards!! via
Absolutely RIP
Can you fix the defence. So slow looks like they jogging. And passing is rubbish
Happy with these Reds
Fifa ... A Day of Recording!!
My rewards.. Gold op
Opening division rival rank rewards and gold FUT CHAMPION REWARDS | FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM
I think I Just fucked up, cheapeast was k, saw this one and tried to flip him as soon as possible for k profit…
REWARDS DAY! This will be my Rewards thread! Feel free to tell me who you got!
Another late night ahead updating the Names &amp; Logos for the English, Czech, Danish, Dutch, German, Italian,…
Our latest x Ultimate Team video is coming along nicely...
hi guys make …
My boi the pack king
is trash my player cannot find a free space bullshit
From today forward, since i want to pack something and my players aren't top top yet. Im going to do gold upgrade…
Love Gold in weekend League
a game of rebounds and cut backs sort it out fed up of loosing to trash because they got rebounds
New for k, thats k profit️
Hey everyone, I'm now live on Mixer. Come on Lets Get it on! …
Don't worry guys, we patches fitness glitch
Young defender Hristodoulou bound for AFC U19 Championship Tournament 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Odegaard, and the Real Madrid Loan Army That Could Save Them a Fortune 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Who is the tallest player on FIFA ? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
WL rewards ‍️
Thinking off getting rid off pogba and getting auba and using him as a ST with rashford at center CAM in -2-3-1 na…
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY - FUT CHAMPIONS &amp; DIVISION RIVALS REWARDS
En points.
When you hear dutch commentary for the first time in fifa 🤦‍️
carrier mode is absolutely rubbish. To all those planing to buy, my advice is; Don't waste ur money until…
Our Elite FUT Champions Rewards! We got him..... -
So glad I got elite .
WTF . Someone elane me this thing please...
Amazing rewards
messi feels as peter crouch after this patch
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (Xbox One) - v1 (EU) - Thursdays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* …
Player picks 🥁
Unfortunately I couldn’t go live at am, I will be live this evening to open mine and your rewards. Please let me…
Hit me with some upgrades lads
Stream going live .... Rewards?
Oh Leo 🇦🇷
Oh EA listen? Fair play, that's a good start. Now just got other problems but the offside ain't one …
Its now knockout finals in the Amateur Open K Qualifier! Watch it live here:
Selling Fifa Coins k = £12 only Only PayPal. DM if interested.
With this update, EA solved all problems about career mode. I didn’t face with any problems. It’s good to play a no…
My rewards were awful &amp; I can not play champs this week as well. Feel like I will improve a lot throughout this wee…
Proclub Lookalike | Rio Ferdinand
Proclub Lookalike| Jaap Stam
Which icon swap is everyone going for?
Debriefing de ce matin...
This is my team now. As I go to travel for three weeks from Tuesday, would you sell them all and build a new team i…
Better late dan never, d adventure begins
facing this arsenal side in career mode.... I’ve played Spurs, United, Chelsea and Liverpool and they field…
st set of viewers reds not bad at all...
Took untradeables this morning - didn’t get anything of note, but still worth it for the first owner content to come
GO WATCH!!
'Sup Amongst all the frustrations that online FUT20 is bringing, one of the shining lights is this popular forma…
Undecided on my DR rewards as I really need the coins after OTW Hazard’s signing but on the other hand i’d like to gamble.
Got my first FUT player from my rewards for the weekend league
The stages of a Brazilian LW walkout on - Thanks to everyone who let me open their Rewards! - Live aga…
🤣 "Ah that's sweaty man. That's dirty." 🤷‍️ "A goal is a goal" Who do you agree with? v on
Which CB do I go for?
FIFA OS Community Sliders 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Not great, not terrible, we’ll take it!
We are hosting a tournament on Sunday th November starting at am. £5 in (which includes breakfast)! Cas…
This is what the squad is looking like for the weekend. Eventually want to get Messi for Dembele. What’s your squad…
Div Rivals rewards OP!
Fut Champions &amp; Division Rivals Rewards
Yo what's good? My internet is being awful today, but i'm gonna try to stream my Rewards for everyone…
Who is the tallest player on FIFA ? -
My opponent in div rivals when they see my team is based around completing objectives
Have a blessed day
If you've invested in Sbc fodder informs, don't let them sit in your club, if you have space on your trade pile. Al…
I'm LIVE... REWARDS DAY!!! - My rewards &amp; viewers red pick - Opening your rewards all day - Getting our teams…
so guys... which one should I go with on the RTG acc 🤔
How the hell to complete this verification??
Didn't even get the McGinn/Wijnaldum I wanted rest of the rewards will be opened around pm. What did you get?…
If you love creating your own Pro Clubs player in then you're spoilt for choice this year when it comes to…
When u score a header in fifa
I hate opening packs on my mobile. I always wait until I can get on my console to open my packs/rewards. So will wa…
INSANE EXTRA SUPER ULTRA PACK OPENING. Ha. Fooled ya! I took the coins again.
Opinions
Got Acuna as my red pick but got an Alisson as a tradable and I did get one of the lower end TOTW cards, not a grea…
week to go! Get your entries in by Thursday th October for your chance to win! ️ …
Leggo!
Didn't get either of these bad boys but we did make enough coins to get kante and that enough for me to do a …
Some teams required for SBCs during last year’s Scream Team 🦇 I’m taking a few different players from each and…
WE ARE LIVE Icon swaps grind | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Rivals | Packs…
Mega Packs from Divison Rivals and best player in an rated Felipe ... Whyyyyyyy?
Do people that play drop back on depth actually think their good at FIFA? It needs to be nerfed, it requires no…
WHY the hell does Volta SINGLE PLAYER STORY MODE need internet connection?!?!?! If it needs to be like that then WH…
Coutinho Flashback Card In 🇧🇷
Send in pics of your best players from the Fut Champ / Division Rival Rewards packs ️️ Let’s see some belters!
The best free agents to sign on FIFA Career Mode ️️
FIFA : EA Sports release a major patch to fix the games &amp;;unplayable&amp;; Career Mode 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
E-League -signs for EA SPORTS FIFA Global Series 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Beste
FIFA Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team
I have a feeling my rewards are going to be ICONic today Live in mins
Congratulations to who has been selected in the ️
Some of our discord's best weekend league pulls! Join the discord here: …
No champs rewards on the new account for me so let the Mrs open Rivals packs. Not bad.
Kane was literally the only one i wanted. I had him in my team he was sooo good
If you have opened your rewards who have you got? Also who is keeping there packs for tomorrow in case we get Scream Cards
didn’t wanna sell him but can’t afford to keep him, I’ll be back for you
EA Sports releases FIFA update 5 for PS4
Click the link to see our ELITE FUT CHAMPS REWARDS. Drop a follow whilst your on our page.
How can Improve this for weekend league? With k spare??
Reds were shit but FUT Champs packs were decent tbf
LIVE IM OPENING MY FUT CHAMPIONS AND DIV RIVAL REWARDS RIGHT NOT ON TWITCH! COME SUPPORT A…
Completely new team Obviously going to upgrade RB and LB then the team is sorted
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
I got squad update but the Felix face is the same
So I packed navas pp..totw digne son and martial and boom got Trent and mo Salah …
Best star teams FIFA : The most underrated teams - Red Bull
GOLD Champs. Malinovsky Al Soma GOLD Rivals. Best player in all packs, Pickford. That's the last time I take pa…
Swear tf my pack luck is insane 🤣
FIFA point giveaway happening tomorrow, don’t miss your chance of entering. Click the link on my pinned tweet and…
Fifa20 Coin for sale at a reasonable price FOR PS4.. …
Lacazette!!!! Best pull from my FUT Rewards. Keep or sell?
"Give me a red one..." 🇵🇱 Thank you EVERYONE for the wild support on todays stream! You are amazing 🤝 Back tomor…
What happened to early access ? It was so solid, completely sold me on buying the game at some point, now w…
Rewards Finally Paying out!
Brilliant, hopefully something better in the packs . highest rated out of players, you love to see it!
I will be posting a few players to mass bid later today ..... let’s go ️ …
- LETs Go .
Bullet header!
Since the patch the gameplay feels worse - the rebounds and the way you dispossess a player is shocking
Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke Game Broke…
What day or time is it best to buy players from the top leagues
Heute Uhr Gold Rewards Pack Opening &amp; Teamumbau! …
We wait on Thursday night for the rivals Awards and finally shows Ndumbele
The less said about rewards the better .......
Want to build your coin balance? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Just got Erikson from Spain nation pride sbc
Pretty much stacked out with investments! Will be selling either tonight or tomorrow morning! RTG episode out ton…
Gold what did everyone get?
FIFA Career Mode: All the best free agents to sign. …
Early Stream today as I need to finish earlier ... So stream will be live before pm So don't forget to follow to…
G Episode out NOW! Rivals Rewards and k BEAST Squad Builder!!
This cheap beast is op! He scores a lot of goals and he's also very cheap to get. He scored -7 goals &amp; assisted on…
Rewards Day | Teams Rewards are out! Did you packed anything good? And how is your team currently looking? Let…
No walkouts this rewards. Not even a single usable Bundesliga player for the icon swaps segment grind. That's tough
Dudes picture doesn't even fit inside the card bro.... come on EA
When you guys get to pick one of my reds on stream today this is who i'd like please... . Wijnaldum . Lewa . Na…
We are LIVE on playing It is rewards night ladies and gentleman, we…
So winning online whistle blows for half time I go on menu invite my friend to party and I get kicked for inactivit…
Good morning! Tweet me those rewards!! Who is your best pull?
So today it’s ️️ hope that’s my prediction works ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
Fifa Career mode could actually be fixed, I've tested a season in the premier league to see if anything has actuall…
Who are the best free agents on FIFA ? …
Packed one board from k and k packs sick of grinding this game
I PACKED IAN RUSHHHHHHH SIALLLLLLLLLLL
wins.
Selling coins
Mistakenly opened a pack
sterling, anderson, telles and pep untradeable plus k coins. Improvements?
Cr7 incoming
What picks did you all get?
LETS GO
All you players let’s see your
Can anyone help me with any players who would upgrade this team? Got K to spend.
Gold OP 🤣🤣🤘
quits his ML series after losing -0 to Man City with Utd &amp; points off st in the le…
INSANE PLAYER IN A PACK! ELITE FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS! ULTIMATE... via
CAREER MODE POTENTIAL UPGRADE! Sergino Dest -&gt;82 Age: RB/LB * SM/4* WF Value: €2.7M Wage…
Killing it again on rewards day It's banging Thursday
Live in ! It's Thursday! Rewards! Viewer Rewards, opening 's rewards Live shortly!…
Apart from using Marcelo, how can I get Militao on full Chem?
YO FAM ONCE AGAIN Rewards ..Drafts and more ... Lets talk about it ! So…
please help 🤔Sane untradeable as well. k Budget... how to finish it?
Silver wasn’t bad
Why do I feel like I’m going to end up buying ?
My rewards were very bad. What did you all get?
Stinky Poo Park
Not bad for Gold picks, was hoping to see a Dutch CM but will take it!
These are what you do during rewards: - Sell your good investment - Buy back cheap cards
WE ARE LIVE!! I lied guys sorry LUL... rewards and rewards now...more grinding!!…
DR rewards, thanks EA!
building my RTG team for the upcoming WL ... 🤩
OMG I PACKED AN ICON &amp; THE BEST TOTW IN MY FUT CHAMPS REWARDS!! - Road to Verified
Some serious pack luck. Didn’t even do WL as wasn’t free, only gold on rivals as I’ve been doing squad battles as…
Ohhhh Yeeees
First stream goes live at :00 Pm IST. Will be opening my champs rewards, drop a follow!
Let's gooooooooo!
My rewards were awful, thanks , from Gold my best player was a Discard IF from Rare player packs,…
Why has the new update made the passing and goalkeepers even worse ??? 🤬
This weekend leagues team!
Hazard and Douglas Costa out my untradeables
FIFA : EA Sports release a major patch to fix the games 'unplayable' Career Mode - GIVEMESPORT
McGinn and Duffy from Gold , RIPPPPPPPPPP
Gold OP, packs weren’t that great but I’m happy with those picks!! …
Is matchmaking back up yet on xbox ?? Pls let me know
OH YES WE GOT SHAFTED GREAT!
Hahaha wowwww my rewards this week were Let’s pretend I didn’t just make a whole pack opening reward vid with an…
Villa,Norwich and Sheff Utd Players still look awful?
Anyone eerienced this? |
Brilliant champs rewards again! Welcome Gini!
All I want from rewards is a red Wijnaldum, please EA
You should be careful next time . This is not a finished game and i am going back…
packs Burki Cilessen Gabriel Jesus (untradable) i cba to play so much Fifa in a week just to get shit like this honestly
What is happening to ea servers. I got disconnected more this morning then my entire life ffs. Every min…
Let’s see those rewards! (Unless they’re better than ours)
WE PACKED AN ICON FROM REWARDS! Road To Glory
Meh. Could’ve been worse
Reply with your rewards
Ah come on get the **** off! This game is kidding me.
Check out my insane rewards-&gt;
What a geezer.
FIFA Volta Story Walkthrough in HINDI! Final Part: Like. Share. Subscribe to support.…
haven't turned on since Sunday and looks like I'm not playing today either.. Nice EA
Servers down...
NEW VIDEO 🤩 PLEASE TURN VOLUME DOWN!
I'll take it! For gold , rating is aight. won't use him but will sit in the club
Check our Live Twitch of our FIFA Series Amateur Open Qualifier going now!
Looooooooooool Gold rewards I had no choice to choose! useless players, good player, not decent…
FUT CHAMPS AND FUT RIVALS REWARDS via
Highest rated player in my packs this week rated tolisso nice one
Rewards were a pile of shit but what's new there, at least I've enough first owner players to start attempting the…
opened all the premium electrum players packs from the store and got boards my lucks not in spent k thi…
Club needs thickening out with cards atm, so took untradables in rewards this week. Nothing spectacular but happy w…
Now we can actually play Career I must say the gameplay has to be up there with the best I’ve played. Smooth, in-de…
Pack king is back boys
Update ️️
What player picks did everyone get in their WL rewards? I ended up with Wijnaldum &amp; Malinovskyi Not bad consideri…
Here’s what I got from my champs/rivals rewards
Watch not even get Lewa, I got gold ffs
Happy with red picks
Xbox one FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM POINTS up for grabs - (mistakenly bought for the Xbox when I was meant to buy f…
| Think wants me to have a Prem team? Wesley, Traore, Wiji and Gundogan red picks!
E-League -signs for the EA SPORTS™ FIFA Global Series - Hyundai A-League
We'll take it.
My elite rewards no board in my k pack and discard if lets go
Get in!!!!! Weekend League actually paid off for once! TOTW Gini!
*NEW* Pitch Notes – Patch 5
EA God's shining down on me today!!
Me choosing Packs over coins in division rivals
It's like everytime I have a chance to play there is an issue, Servers were down yesterday, And now there's…
Look what I just packed
Anyone pack anything good? The best I got was Acuna IF
Weekend league 🥱
New video online on my YouTube channel : ◾◾◾Tags◾◾◾ …
Oh happy days
LIVE NOW Grinding Division Rivals on !
Safe to say I’ve been absolutely shafted yet again 🥴
Miracle. Wake me up.
Nice!!!!
Gold OP BRUHHHH
In September, Fifa was released to the excitement of Fifa fans worldwide, however, multiple issues were found wi…
&gt; k profit with Griezmann Sniped for k, current price: k Lets go, try Futinator:…
Well... That's me done with weeks and I haven't hit a single player over rated with over £200 spent an…
Not bad rewards so I won't complain, also got a k+ walkout. what did you guys get?
It looks like no weekend league for me as ea would let me play
I haven't owned a FIFA in years, however I can still see that not much has changed. Currently trying to figure out…
wow tough choice in my first WL pack
Thanks , I know I shouldn't complain about cards... Would've been better if one of them was Di…
What did you get in your rewards? Let me know what you got ⬇️
GG, thanks for giving someone i didn't get, can't say I'm disappointed !
Can anyone Esle not play rivals
Not Bad
Hi, I selling k on fifa ps4 for €, MD if you are interested!
Good luck in your rewards! Live at pm with ours!
Silver pays out!!
Gold rewards OP
This is why i hate FIFA20
This mornings rewards highlights, Got a player pick as well but it was only sbc fodder. Not disappointed. Now I jus…
Disgraceful rewards to say I went -1 because I couldn’t finish all my games why do I get nothing pointless playin…
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG FUT CHAMPS + RIVALS REWARDS!!!! VIDEO OUT SHORTLY!!!!
GOOD MORNING! FIFA ROAD TO GLORY A Silver Beast discovered! …
Not a great week this week horrible k packs navas will do for an sbc at some point
Rio Ferdinand last week and now cruyff I cannot believe this
To those who stopped by, rewards were amazing! Don't you just love how happy I look. EA being EA in - wo…
You love to see it
Get your FUT points in store. You can trade-in and get them even cheaper. The TOTW is available now!
Gold op thanks EA
Rivals Rewards.
The highlights of my rewards
Cannot complain at all!
Gold FUT Champs Rewards
Division rivals rank , gold weekend league and the best i get is Lucas Leiva..
Falkirk players to pack in your FIFA Ultimate Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Team Of The Week (TOTW) Announced After International Break 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
⁦⁩ Eh...What?
Thanks would’ve loved a Lewa but this is nice too
good pack from WL rewards 🥰
Go on guys ...
Go on guys ...
NEW VIDEO FUT Champions Gold Rewards
Go on guys ...
I’m happy! Got Gigi in one of my player pics!
Not bad right?
Member Day Ongoing Price off &amp; bonus coins! Don't miss it.
Go on guys ...
Officially Completed Tweet me your best RED’s Rewards!
Meh. I’ll take it
WL-REWARDS ELITE
Ask and you receive folks
Seeking a Team for and DM us or if interested!!
Very happy
Only got rank this week in rivals and decided to go with the untradble packs as I need players for the icon swap…
Yay? I guess
New for 5k and k
What did you get from your FUT Champions rewards, Drop your best pull down below
You can use Champs and Rivals rewards to make coins every week! Our guide to Thursday flipping --&gt;
I love rewards day! Show me what you got? I'll be live from :30am UK and will be opening your rewards all day
I'm starting LIVE on !
About k to spend. Improvement suggestions? Fyi Miete performs really well.
We are LIVE on - Elite Rewards - Gold Rewards - Preparing FUT Champs Team - Getting Roberto Car…
When do fut champ rewards come out??
Million Transferprofit Million since Sunday
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
Going :1 in weekend league
It’s long overdue but here it’s you suck real bad .. I’m so disappointed
Rare players pack and what do I get and the rest lower than 🤣🤣🤣 packs are daylight robbery
Good Luck in your FUT Champions Rewards
LIVE!
and in the in !!!
Rewards Day Stream is LIVE !!! With Packs From SBCs and Squad Battle !! Every Walkout…
How ready are you for the season Have you found that- Team chemistry ️ Pro build ️ Right position …
Good luck to everyone in your Weekend League rewards!
Match creation disabled on Xbox ?? Anyone else too ??
Morning guys just to let you know ill be opening mine and you guys rewards on at pm and should be starting…
Bro why do my players shoot like feminists now. This shit ain’t right
INVESTMENT TIPS ALREADY GOT SOME INVESTMENT FOR MARQUEE MATCH UPS NEXT WEEK TH OCTOBER WILL BE DROPPING WHO TO BU…
Guys which icon for cb on fifa . …
Only my year old opens decent packs!
Wow just opened my rewards again this week and got fuck all. EA Have you wasting your life and time and money away…
How were your Rivals' rewards? Investment: market crash is coming due to Scream promo. During rewards, bid…
Ridiculous. I got Division Rank and packed Handanovic and Jadon Sancho.
Reward buys, let’s see how this works out x 🇫🇷 Hernandez IF 00 x 🇫🇷 Laporte 00 x 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Robert…
Well done on creating the worst football game I’ve ever played. Gonna try , final straw!!!
A new video of me packing Fifa gold packets and i packed a walkout
Untradeable packs &gt; tradeable packs has to be said
Rewards day!!!
I sell kk fifa coins ps4 and i complete icon swap for €
Good Luck !
Did you get anything good in your rewards?
Since the new update I’ve been getting red cards for standing tackles even when I’m not last man &amp; now on player ma…
So far this year from rivals rewards I’ve opened: x k’s x k’s x k’s x k’s x k’s I’ve had walkout…
Good luck with your rewards today everyone
The name pool for youth academy on is a joke btw. Two scouts in the same country bringing back almost all t…
Glad to say I’ve finished college for weeks, so guys who are in the sub trading chat... Keep a lookout for guid…
Well that'll do
I'm going to be taking tradable rewards again this week. I'll manage with what ever cards I get and use them for th…
Am I fuck ever opening untradable packs ever again. Not player over rated. Fuck you
ICON SWAPS TOKENS WHO YOU PICKING? VOTE BELOW⤵️
Hundreds of issues with CM in but not to worry, EA to the rescue.... you can now press the email inbox butt…
Hello Mo 🤝 How did you div rivals go??
Looking forward to recording a new season of the Liverpool career mode later today
Thanks It was really fun playing all those division rival games. And what a prize at the end of it all!! It was wor…
Rivals packs
Where are the FUT CHAMPS rewards at
Really happy with rewards today I chose the packs and got James Rodriguez , mcginn inform and Trent Alexandre Arnol…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals Rewards via
Icon flip 🇪🇸 Carlos Puyol 🇪🇸 BP: 00 SB: 00 PAT: 50 Very nice flip, could maybe have a little more,…
And the new era has just begun by this Pogba’s goal️🆕 . …
Packed Gundogan TOTW from division rivals rewards in my first pack, chose untradeable though .
What time does fut champs rewards drop ?
Already finish Icon Swap. Super easy.
Let’s see who you got
When I’m trying to get a comeback on Fifa and my opponent won’t skip
Division Rivals Rewards
Let me see your rewards!
How did everyone get on this week on division rivals? What packs is everyone choosing for their Division Rival Re…
Weekend is coming! So here's a for you &amp; The boys &amp; girls! Drink once: For a foul Giveaway…
WOW! Rivals rewards were bad Ozil my best pull from ks and ks. Actually had an rated card as my face c…
Testing Carrer Mode Update! Day
Wish I took the coins now
First week gameplay were fine aside from rampant rebound goal and delay... now EA patched the game back to FIFA …
Never got rewards before. Don’t usually play it enough. Which of this is better? Are the packs worth it?
I havent got any fut champ rewards. What's going on ?
Show me what your best pull was from division rivals rewards below
I havent got any fut champ rewards. What's going on ?
When are fut champs rewards out
I don’t know if to take tradable or untradable rewards!!!
Div Rivals pack opening time - something good please
Player: Ziyech Consoles,XBOX Sell ​​time: Hold for sbcs OP Sbc fodder lowrisk How much to sell? Keep in your clu…
Good luck on those rewards bros!!! ️
FIFER's Realism Mod is officially here for PC players!! Eerience the best of FIFA with a better Career Mode…
Ligue POTM out today
Who do u think I’m gonna get in my red pick I reckon I’ll get the most rubbish one there lol
No rewards stream, chose coins for rivals, will post later what I get from fut champs rewards. Show me your rewards…
Bye friendship
How I want to lose in added time of extra time
Good luck for rewards. Send me those pack pulls!!!
VELA IF lets go!!!!!
Good morning lads, who wants to be a hero today and save their rewards for me to open later on stream? if not goo…
Rewards tonight, LIVE on mixer! Hope to catch a few of you there!
To the Community... I need some help! For my AIO Graphics I'm trying to make real Pre-Season cups for the f…
I kid you not, with exactly seconds to spare....i reach Rank in Rivals! Been Grinding for Rank for hours a…
Putting the team on my back in the rd minute for the dub
Good luck in rewards everyone. Lets see your best pulls
ITS TUTORIAL TIME! How to do the body feint in FIFA FIFA TUTORIAL
First icon.. Now please do not disappointment me..
Good Morning foookers. I would say good luck with red picks but unless ur getting lewan or wij then its dead af.…
How One Woman Discovered the Female Fat-Loss Code Missed by Modern Medicine And Lost lbs Using a Simple -Step Ri…
Anyone know what time rivals rewards drop ?
All of the bugs and glitches would be acceptable IF IT WAS STILL IN BETA!! But its NOT! People paid between…
Sooo yeah had a few untradeable BPL players so I sold my la Liga team and made this …
Legit thought had online with friends that’s the whole reason I bought the game, now I’m jus…
Best design ever
Good Morning! With the official Ligue POTM Design being added to the Database a few hours ago we can eect the W…
I'm Happy with Pep Guardiola only th swaps leaves me with left to do Rio,Wright,Ballack but i think im goi…
Keep making updates that either make the game even shitter or keeps it exactly the same fuck this game
Thursday morning and the same question pops up. Option , Option , Option . What do you take
I don’t know if I can keep this secret in any longer . I already told &amp; …
…
When you hear has dropped the realism mod for
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
"How is your Icon Swaps grind going?" Man is using attribute cards on a CR7. I'm so done
New Football Prints Available Now in Your Club’s Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
I hate it when you preorder a game and they wait to charge you for it. Nothing like getting dinged $100, randomly,…
Get your hands on our Blue Old School Football Print. Only £4 Including Delivery …
Si Senior!!! Taking them souls.
RealTech: VX4 Wireless Controller for PS4 &amp;amp; PC Review 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
adidas launches Official Match Ball for the EA SPORTS™ FIFA Global Series on The Road to the FIFA eWorld Cup™…
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
Retro Football Print Available Now only £4 …
Get your hands on our Green Old School Football Print, Perfect for Framing and Hanging at Home. Only £4 including d…
Thats How I lose
FIFA Download PC
My favourite players this season so far (any competition) 🇹🇷 Ozan Tufan 🇳🇱 Frenkie de Jong 🇮🇱 Eran Zahavi 🇳🇬 Victo…
Jeje hopes to return to national duty soon!! Check out the full story:
Morning everyone, Goodluck with your rewards. Please EA give me someone better than Phil Jones.
Sad to say, but after just a few weeks I’m done with . The game I grew up loving has become a laggy, stress-…
Anyone else relegating themselves in fut rivals? because they put the icons swap in…
Good morning lads! We are an hour away from rewards so I just want to say Good Luck to everyone and hope that you a…
INVESTMENT TIPS THE INVESTMENT ARE PAYING OFF TODAY ARE YIU READY TO SELL ALL OF YOUR MARQUEE MATCH UPS INVEST SOM…
I really don't see any improvement with the latest patch who the fuck works on this game a bunch of monkeys actuall…
Nightshift done &amp; wins needed for Rank on
I just packed in a rare gold pack. I am going to sell him for like million so I can buy anybody I want.…
man im so fucking done with this shit. is a fucking joke. Every single year i pray to god that we finally g…
FIFA Patch Notes Update 5 released on PC - PS4 and Xbox One coming soon - Daily Star
Real talk does anyone know how to perform the elbow drop celebration in via the level unlockable in fut…
GIVEAWAY FIFA COPY Xbox or PS4 copy - Follow Me on Twitter -Subscribe to my YouTube EAV9 -Retweet…
good luck with your Hope you all get this Wijnaldum guy... heard he is good.
Literally just lost straight games due to headers on crosses....shit I barely even get a header on TARGET off cro…
Is it different enough? That's the question every FIFA fan asks every year. Ayush tries to answer that as he dips h…
Adidas match ball for EA SPORTS FIFA global series - The Hans India
My cousin just re-send me this picture I can't wait to play !!
Get chipped
we are live with some FIFA20 come chill and say hi Quality Gameplay Chill Vi…
Fantastic prize,would keep my family busy for hours on end xxxx
FIFA Download PC
Free 05 BTC!!! Please code DPRVJMQB …
New trading video live showing how to make coins with kits. Appreciate any support fifa20trading
And we live bros!! Lets hope for either of these reds for a lil giveaway for ya'll! 🤙
This is the stuff that drives me crazy. Up -2 in the rd minute, game ends, EA servers kicks me out and get the l…
FIFA Download PC
This was a yellow card
Is it just me or the new patch is so bad?? So many times where I would go to intercept the ball from my opponent an…
FIFA Download PC
Byebye Ultimate Team im sick to death of coming up againt drop back bar depth every game Rivals and Champ…
Back on this
What a goal make sure to follow my Twitter account. i m going to do a give away when i reach followers…
FIFA Download PC
I have been disconnected from my game I think times tonight and idk if it’s the servers or the internet but what…
is unplayeable! What is wrong with servers? The game is slow, passing is shit, as the days go on the game i…
FIFA Ultimate Team: TOTW For FUT With In-Game Stats 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Grab The Last Minute To Collect Your FIFA VOLTA COINS 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I’m SHOOK
When was FIFA at its best as an all round game?
FIFA Download PC
Have a feeling the title update didn't change gameplay at all and the animation (input delay) is still pres…
FIFA Download PC
Check out Episode right now for the Ajax Career Mode! Link in Bio!
FIFA Download PC
Whats good bros we going live here in mins!! If I get any of these as my reds we doing a lil giveaway of x2 …
FIFA - JUVENTUS/PIEMONTE CALCIO - Tactical Guide. Here is an in depth tactical guide of Maurizio Sarri's Juvent…
After this patch and how bad gameplay play is now, especially with button delay and everything else, I’ve decided t…
FIFA - BEST POSSESSION TACTIC -3-3 - Tactical Guide. Here is an in depth tactical guide of my favoured tactic…
Here we go! - Division Rivals Rank - ICON swap objectives - Vela? - Rewards? Stop by. ain't ready.
L I VE Grinding Rivals Pushing for verification Should we do Icon Swaps to get Pep before Weekend Le…
These dumb mfs are promoting their own game inside their own game
FIFA - Ultimate Team: League and Nation Hybrid SBC /4 (Fiendish) Rewa... via
I'm starting LIVE on !
Man news and transfers RECAP Aguero car crash update plus De Bruyne and Stones injury ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Why do opposition forfeits in Rivals not count towards my Icon Picks wins?
News on career mode says my Pro was called to represent Brazil on the South America Cup, but none of the games show…
just played against a possession player, finally. i showed him how it's done though. -0 and % possession…
As my new team is Manchester City replacing Millwall in Fifa. It's time for a new season of…
Check out the bro’s stream!
Haven’t even got or rewards yet! Check my website in bio for your preferred streaming platfor…
The FIFA MOBILE community is very disappointed with this current Season. F. who supports Stopde? Fucking EA.…
Honestly is a piece of shit game after the update, the gameplay is more broken, Ai becoming superhuman whil…
DOWN TO GO, Really want Drogba but a &amp; a half month wait and potential to be shit, might rethink
/12 icon swaps completed! Season and more for Drogba 🇨🇮
I feel like im getting more losses with this patch. It’s unbelievable how my opponents players are always dominant.…
Game is so much worse after patch I can confirm... So sad
Ok can someone elain this after last nights patch and is this going to be happening throug…
I can honestly say i've never hated a game as much as i hate and here are some reasons why. (1)Afful Passi…
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £20/20$/20€ Order through DM for steps.…
We got him!!!
How the heck is this offside
New team of in-game favorites and fun cards: Lukaku= Bakambu/Teixeira/Traore= ‍️ Nainggolan/Fernando/Nandez=…
PC players this is not a drill. Career mode has been saved by !!! Support this guy for all his…
Me booting up thinking it'll be fun
The perk to keeping all of the cards I pack except duplicates is that I was able to complete the …
I will be taking weeks vacation just to relax and calm down due to the crazy things that I have suffered through…
Delay even feels worse.
FIFA Download PC
The all out attack week gold objective is broken. matches in a row I've completed the objective and not…
Looking for up and coming video editors based around fifa willing to pay £5 a video which isnt a lot but on a small…
What am I going to do now, am not a fan of Fortnite or PUBG, FIFA is getting worse and worse since and NFS hea…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: League and Nation Hybrid SBC /4 (Advanced) Rewa... via
That feeling after completing the Schweinsteiger SBC on
Atlanta into MLS playoffs looking to defend its Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
star skill moves had five now can’t even fake shot or anything
Great stream today! Thank you for everyone who came to hang out!!
way to ruin your game with that update, keep burying your head in your asses and doing the same dumb shit every year .
The fact that you have to play drop back to even be competitive in is a fucking joke. Why is there no draw-…
We are live!!!! Tune in as the grind continues on the PMRTG lets get to Rank and lets get the best possible rewar…
Finally, Zidane Career Ribery Comes Home..
Live
Gone back and forth a million times but going with Pep and Rio. Who you going with?
FIFA Download PC
Caltex Souttar joins Kane and Lewandowski in FIFA Team of the Week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Ive been in a futbol mood today... Let's play some FIFA
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
FIFA - Pro Clubs: Drop-In via
For Icon Swaps, these are the I'm looking at. Which one you going for?
Just because I got pulled over rn and got hella tickets doesn’t mean it’s going to ruin my grind
How is like ? Started surprisingly well but now is a raging dumpster fire and no matter what change…
Still no response from the utterly useless about 🤬
after losing games in a row in div rivals doing this icon swap objective versing de rankers from rank one , I f…
I don't see how anyone can say the patch hasn't changed the game. More responsive, quicker gameplay, shots actually…
It's starting. You know it's Week when you start to see once every rival games.
Thanks for all your interest in the Gaming For A Cause - October Tournament. We are pleased to inform that…
good luck in your reds tomorrow team &lt;3 I'm hoping for Wijnaldum, Lewa, or Digne for a CM sub wishing yo…
…
Hey next update you do it would be nice to just take out the contain button let people track manually cheers
WATCH Full Weekend League Game Play ANALYSIS - Review the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly! - get more WINS in…
Fifa TOTW : FUT Team of the Week with Paulo Dybala, Jorginho and Marco Verratti
The team I’m taking into my second weekend league of fifa is looking insane …
= THE WORST EVER All had to do is add VAR to fifa19 Defending is sh*t
GOT BACK INTO DIV ! TIME FOR DRAFTS!
- Division Rivals - Retas vs &amp; - Recompensas Rivals &amp; FUT Champions
Finally heading back home from a week vacation, eect some daily FIFA content on here! Shit is about to go down again
Live! Be There or Be Square!
Not a bad evening trading on and off trading tonight market was a bit slow reinvested in a few IF players …
year Chelsea. Sancho/Kane/Rice/Chilwell in + loanees back. What realistic moves should I make…
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
Yoooooo I about fell up out my chair.. I'm dying hahaha
FIFA Download PC
Is it just me or gameplay is a little different after the update?
Why does every patch just keep making it harder to score. Nobody likes -0 games with a combined total of shots max per game.
I'm starting LIVE on !
Let me not lie, Griezmann had contributions in games.. Since then for some reason he has been insane for me. L…
Best pack in
Does anybody know when the next set of icon swap objectives are dropping?
Live now with [] for the Pre-Season Cup Tournament Quarter + Semi finals.…
Done with all week gold objectives all in one game lol... All goals by silver play…
update at its finest. Absolute garbage of a game.
So im not aloud to score becauce i create my opening buut he aloud cause the tackling system still goes to the atta…
new squad for WL thoughts
Here’s goes another saucy cross goal.
Is it just me or does feel like absolute shit now?? Player switching is that fucking broken you may as well…
FIFA Download PC
ok funny now go fix your career mode
There's literally nothing improved after the
why have you ruined your game again! All my players taking ages to turn, taking extra touches all the tim…
Same thing as last week Market just dies leading into rewards. The index is down points and the gold market is…
grind continues. And we just bought Lampard Let's see if he's the Btech KDB!
We have done one of the Icon boys. Welcome to the club Nesta
Liverpool and Man Utd target Kai Havertz could leave next summer, admits Bayer Leverkusen boss 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA makes several changes to &amp;;unplayable&amp;; career mode 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Fucking Losses in a row trying to do these FUT Icon Swap Challenges. Very very very fun. Heap of delay. God Sq…
Back with more Pep Guardiola Rivals!
How does feel MORE broken since the last patch? how do they keep breaking it more and more??
FIFA makes several changes to 'unplayable' career
soundtrack &gt; soundtrack hands down
Again Fuck you and fuck your game
*NEW* : - Title Update
FIFA Download PC
It’s actually unbelievable how desperate needs a character like FIFA Playa back on the scene to give us a g…
On the next update, can yall please make the CF/RF/LF positions Forwards on the leaderboards? They d…
I'm LIVE on !
Check out Episode of our YouTube series tracking our current career with Bradford City.…
Am I going to pack Griezman and Ramos type players at for FUT Champs and Div Rivals rewards?
down more to do for icon swaps
Onside by a hair
Any upgrades?
Man, I have no idea what's changed or if I'm just a complete idiot, but this game feels like an unplayable, unenjoy…
Like if active And thank u guys again for almost followers
One of my better goals this season
Pain...
Honestly. Who thought this “Division Rivals” token collecting shit was a good idea, cuz that guy needs to be beaten…
Random Gaming Talk : Career Mode Patch, Save States And …
Just handed an L in
You can unlock this and all our ad-free podcasts for $1 or pay $3 and get a TV Show or Film review of your choice R…
How fucking shit is the update on
Hey I just had an update with my and I was actually hoping to see new shoes, a variety just l…
I think I'm done with this Franchise soon. % of things they can't get right. The servers are sooo fucking trash…
Imagine my surprise, added a patch to fix like issues and ended up breaking another things. The…
PACK OPENING TO BE CONTINUE
Live on playing some now that career mode is fixed we are revolutionizing soccer by bringing the…
Do you want to know what's scary EA could make a bang average fifa on mildly better servers than now and because of…
How is this offsides?
I’m actually intrigued to know how many females actually play Fifa lol I’m guessing most would play pro clubs maybe…
Why does Lee Din get so vexed when you’re offside on “look along the line, LOOK ALONG THE LINE” alright l…
Part1 is now up n going of my Real Madrid manager mode rebuild …
How have they made this game even slower....
WE ARE LIVE! Last Icon swap obj then rivals/ v practice. mmmka…
We're LIVE on playing some and trying to knock out some…
worst yet. Just had Sule catch Salah when clear through 🤔
Any bit of server latency feels much more annoying to fight against with this newer update. Feels like your timing…
Really hate people like this
of the week
Finally the first icon and for free welcome Hernan Crespo
Fifa20 Coin for sale at a reasonable price FOR PS4. …
Hey I have got player for you to try in its George best mid, no Idea why people are not hyping…
Sometimes I even bore myself
This game wants you to lose and if this doesn't prove it to you i don't know what to tell you
If it ain’t then I ain’t playing it right now!!!
THIS IS THE BEST BRAZILIAN TEAM POSSIBLE ON
Scripting on Fifa now is so obvious that it’s not even enjoyable to play online anymore even when it’s all going yo…
Let's go with the playing some come hang out opening some packs and also playing some rivals…
Finally finished the Icon Swaps in Div &amp; Div . I tell you one thing for free it wasn't easy!
: Retweet and Follow me for the chance to win FIFA Points on the console of your choice! Good Luck…
Does anyone know any good MEME apps i can download and tweet memes to ??
biggest fifa glitch
And this is why you never listen to your community. You guys make a joke out of everything and retwee…
hoping for some luck tomorrow
Current opinion on
Here’s a present for you
I just want to make coins but man do I need to work on my patience while looking at my trade pile filled with the s…
YO FAM ONCE AGAIN WE SLAMMING LIVE BUTTON ! LETS TALK ABOUT IT !!! WE SMASHING IT…
Referees on point
For Anyone Tonight Who Missed The Madness! Hybrid Nations OP!
I really liked the game before these patches. I had fun to play it but at the moment, I have no longer so m…
Calling it a night folks have a good one, hope rewards go well, I'll enjoy my coins as usual. I had game after th…
Just hit the post times in one half on a Div Rivals game, my controller might or might have not been launched acr…
‘Cheers for all the first team football’ *Plays /10 Serie A game*
Follow us on Twitch for and Pro Clubs! Just finished streams tonight an…
What did you actually fix 🤦‍️
Isn't the whole point of doing updates is trying to make the game better? Why does it always seem worse?
Last nights stream was great. Time to carry the momentum to tonights FUT stream. Stream goes live at :00 pm.…
FIFA RON2GLORY EPISODE WEEKEND LEAGUE PREP!! NEW TEAM!!
THE WELSH MAN!!!! player pack op!!
Anyone need graphics? DM me. Looking to make some high quality material for the low.
Mattia Caldara is concerned about his place in my squad even though he has played every game?
“Yo Goom how come you don’t get on as much?” Because when I do-
I have no words.
WE FINALLY LIVE
Selling coins dm
Wtf happen to fifa wtf l2 dont defend??????????
Offside on a throw in, th minute losing -1 and this happens. Cheers sort your game out …
yo can y’all please send it up to release a fix for the ’2 player height cap when creating a player. …
Trying to get a game of when you have BT internet is like folding a piece of paper times.
What should i go for?! trying to save up for Neymar
Here is a video of some Jumbo premium pack opening, Ones to watch pack opening &amp; more …
Jonas Hector 🤘 GET AT HIM ON PS4 MAX BID EASY FLIP EASY MONEY BOYS …
I heard you man cant score freekicks on
Any suggestions on improving my squad? Would love some help!
Few things I have changed to my playing style that have improved my overall game play Don’t sprint unless using de…
Fifa owe me a few hours of my life back for doing this shit
Heard you man cant score freekicks on
How is everyones Icon Swap grind going? I finished all squad battles and division rival ones. Only need more FUT…
What chemistry style wud u add to nesta? Shadow card?? I’m picking him as my first icon swap
Heard you man cant score penalties on
PlayStation FIFA Standard Edition Video Game 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How do improve this team?? …
FIFA - Manager Career via
Who's better in ? (Poll below...)
Que calor! At Fifa 🤣🤣🤣 majorlazer
Another Episode of the Best Young Talent in This week we are doing the BEST Defensive Backs in the ga…
On My way home from work.The stream will be up and live in min! Tune in for some fun time, banter, or just lurk i…
I really hope EA do the scream promo Friday, the game feels a bit dead without a promo to be honest!
Met flood warning as two weeks' worth of rain set to smash UK in one day - Daily Star
I think I got some of pack luck. 🇳🇱 ️
Don't need FUTBIN data to know that's gonna be some good profit.
Probably not gonna grind this much next week, hope this is enough for rank . Icon Swaps grind was kind off fun tho…
Just played online had shots on target lost -3 against a geezer who had -5 shots on target…
Good to see the new update has fixed Fifa...and by fixed I mean giving Chelsea goalkeepers...?! …
I’m going full till I qualify for weekend league lab
The custom on on my channel.
Dybala and Son in one K pack
FIFA Download PC
Imagine the situation: You want to do some Rivals Games to collect points.. It doesn´t matter if you win or lose,…
honestly stresses me out so much like my pack luck is dirt nothing seems to want to go in and a nearly reti…
Had alot of requests for Managers so im giving them ago, any opinions on this first attempt? …
FOOTBALL
First Weekend League of the year. This is the team. Pretty happy with it seen as though I haven’t spent any money.…
Yo gang we go in g live within next and we doing it on only .. Be sure to come over and have some f…
We half way there guys!
Anyone wanna buy coins
: - Awful Gameplay - Awful Delay - Awful Servers EA: “Let’s make squad battles harder, the community will love that”
Rumor of the day is switching from DC to play in the new Marvel MCU chapter.....🤔🤔 Is…
I am try...ing to P..l....a..yyyyy F..ii...fa ...0 but the De...la.....y is s...o ba...d it is a j......ok.....e.…
Wolves&amp;; Traore fumes as he finds out his physical rating on FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How to Add Concept Players FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
After a hours on the new Fifa update and EA have ruined an enjoyable game. Yes it had its flaws pre-patch but now…
A THREAD: Let's all go round and see what we like most about the new update shall we? I'll start: I like…
SNIPING FILTER THIS IS A HIGH PROFIT METHOD WHAT YOU NEED TO DO QUALITY GOLD/POSITION LB/ NATIONALITY ARGENTINA/ BU…
Has anyone got the update for xbox one
IM LIVE LINK HERE
Absolut verdient!!!
Who is Best
[ENG] I GOT PEP! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
When do rivals rewards come out tomorrow?
Currently sitting in rank div rivals with ,000 points and rank starts at ,000? I can’t be bothered playing…
how much points you need for div rank ?
Playing defense on is fucking hard man !
Yo guys rate my team
, when the next credit alert enters. Amen.
Want to go for x Icons in swaps, any recommendations based on getting tokens?
: Retweet and Follow me for the chance to win FIFA Points! Winner drawn in one hour. Good Luck
Happy to see my squad improving. I been grinding a bit so pretty good start for me. (hate the new update th…
Live with Fifa Leeds United career mode Ep. !
:00PM EDT GLOBAL | v1 | | Head To Head | nD JOIN NOW &gt; JOIN NOW &gt;…
live at
Gold inter players bid upto flip instantly for or to lazies …
What Next?! Don’t forget to check out my YouTube channel!
Looks like teams fielding weaker line-ups is still an issue! This result left United th after games while th…
LIVE in MINS! Pushing back into Div and Grinding for Van Dijk!
Career mode glitches on
First Batch. Who should I pick in the icon swaps. me if the right choice isn’t on the list
FIFA Download PC
MY TOP REWARDS!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
Tadic with a last minute winner to end this week's Rivals!!!
*UPDATED* PES adds another league licence a whole month after release - RealSport
What the actual fuck have done to ???? It’s absolutely fucking horrendous all of a sudden🤯
Play career mode they said it's fixed they said... FFS. What have they done!? Lemington, N…
️ Match Result ️⃣ 🆚️ 🆚️ ️⃣ ️ ️ …
Tackle, bounces back to opponent, repeat until opponent scores
Martial with a clinical strike! 🤙
Afternoon Everyone! Starting Off Tonight On 🤖 Moving To Afterwards! 🤟 Drop In &amp; Catch Some…
Draft de fou
How to Add Concept Players FIFA - DBLTAP
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
Stoppage time drama!
is absolute shit 🤬 this update made everything worse
He's Better Than Zidane.....
Testing Carrer Mode Update!
Here's players to give your FIFA Ultimate Team FUT a Falkirk flavour
New Mass Bidding method!! Gold RM France Max Bid flip for easy …
I had to sacrifice few players but I just couldn’t pass on this opportunity. I’ll use temporary solutions in the em…
Thankfully not all the Twitter community are toxic
FIFA - JUVENTUS/PIEMONTE CALCIO - Tactical Guide. Here is an in depth tactical guide of Maurizio Sarri's Juventu…
They patched it, I won but this is ridiculous
What’s everyone’s Rivals Rank for rewards tomorrow? What are you taking?
Thoughts on Fut Champs Reds??? What I want: Wijnaldum/Kane/Lewa What I will probably get: Good Luck Bois!!…
Who Invested With Me? ⁦⁩ ⁦…
What is causing on my TL right now
Barcelona Home -2009 Download :
I’m actually fucking discusted with ive never seen EA help a team win more, I hit the post times
Six wins on the bounce to finally get this bad boy!
INVESTMENT TIPS ULTIMATE SCREAM INVESTMENT TIP FOR FRIDAY PLYMOUTH PLAYERS ARE GOING UP IN PRICE THEY COULD FEATURE…
Game : Should The UK Ban Loot... - News
Fifa May genuinely be the worst Fifa I have ever played
Dear Santa, it’s early I know, this year I’d like you to forward my Xmas presents to Please deliver…
Barcelona Home -2008 Download :
So Rivals it still doesn't show your points needed for next rank, but Squad battles it does? Makes sense...Not. Tho…
Danny 's Team of the Week: October - Jewish Chronicle
Aubameyang is the best striker in the Premier league. Watch to find out why
We are Live!! FIFA Icon Swap Grind using team, FUT Drafts trying to gain profit!, Division…
Anyone div rank on rivals who can tell me what points rank one is
The Goal that guaranteed our th Icon token. Goodnight guys. Road to Drogba continues God willing tomorrow
Thanks for the profit bby
Review from weekend league: IMMOBILE Pros: Shooting Finishing Strength Positioning Cons: Passing (horrible) Dri…
Just a heads up your game is broken. You've absolutely killed what little you ha…
Flash Squad: Are we ready for some Thursday Flipping!! Here are my tips for Thursday flips: - Players that link…
How the fuck im going to complete the icon swap challenge in Division
Retweet if you think is the worst Fifa regarding gameplay. Need answers
He's extinct 🤑
Northampton 's Pollock hits back over 'harsh' Fifa stats
I’d happily get twatted -0 and concede good goals rather than losing -3 and concede sweaties, rebounds and counter attack goals
Team is looking good right now, Who would be your next upgrade? sane/Varane/Pep are untradable and going for carlos…
After watching ’s review of Roberto Carlos, think I’ll be going for him. Means I can complete the icon…
FIFA fan??? Then be sure to watch FNG on YouTube as he does weird and crazy eeriments to literally break …
Barcelona Home -2007 Download :
Duffy scores an OG in a -0 Home defeat to Switzerland Paddy McNair scores away goals against Czech Republic, h…
FIFA Ultimate Team – Team of the Week (TOTW) – th October 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Mohamed to AC Milan: &amp;;£15m January transfer&amp;;, Arsenal&amp; stance and Fifa regulations 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
WOLVES TO THEIR FIFA RATINGS | Traore, Coady, Doherty &amp;amp; Ruddy guess their stats! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Ghana&amp; Ayew: We are still the only African team to make it happen 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
lol Fifa Logic is flawed, offer double everything on their contract renewal, the response is "Not What My Client Wa…
If your a FIFA or PES fan be sure to watch Vapex Karma on YouTube. It's the best channel to get all your latest new…
Everyone's team: Oh easy goal. Litterly Everyone's team: Oh easy goal. MY TEAM: Let's shoot the ball straight to t…
How can i change this ??? Controller settings.. …
Imagine trying to bring on a sub and not even being able to get onto your team EA YOU ARE A JOKE
I love the idea of These FUT Icon Swaps and the challenges. However what Ruins it massively is I have to play agai…
GOING LIVE at pm guys • Division Rivals grind trying to hit Div before tomorrow’s rewards. • Friendlys agai…
The sooner and the rest of the crew admit theres button delay caused by awful servers the bett…
I base my life around what is making me play the best fifa lol. Now that's fucked up.
Great stream tonight playing kindly shared his community with me with that phat host! Thank you…
FIFA Download PC
Barcelona Home -2006 Download :
It works... .
Game
Which one for swaps??
what the actual fuck have you done to this game? It’s fucking wank
Fifa all day.
FIFA Ultimate Team – Team of the Week (TOTW) – th October - TheXboxHub
Thinking about selling my m coins
Is it just me or the is getting worse with every new update? Now my camera view changes with every set piec…
In Memoriam: (Fifa ) "Though you have been cruelly taken from us by the Gods (EA) know that, as…
Review: gets an upgrade and blows its rivals off the pitch - Daily Record
The natural striker scores again! We’re a bunch of guys from DOJ playing pro clubs and having a fun t…
First İcon: Nesta Ballack
The new Fifa patch fixes loads of bugs and improves the game - TrustedReviews
Barcelona Home -2005 Download :
We finished Top100 this week!! Should I open or save my rewards?🤔
Road to Drogba update : /23
Can anyone show me better?
hopefully get some nice rewards next week now
Anyone know why i keep losing connection to EA on fifa20 and xbox live please very slow gameplay?
Danny 's Prem Div Team of the Week: October - Jewish Chronicle
live now on fifa packs and fut draft …
Fifa career mode is fixed!! It’s all working!
Who the hell puts Kompany in goal?!?
Danny 's Division Two team of the week: October - Jewish Chronicle
Noni FUT comes back!!🥳🥳
k pack opening!! via
Anyone else finding the icon swaps an absolute fucking bore. This grind is so tedious
Thanks very cool !
Barcelona Home -2004 Download :
Please, please fix shooting from close range. I’ve just drawn games that I’ve dominated due to keepers constantly…
I’ve got million coins to build a team and icon swaps. Can comeone build me a team around someone or two player…
Good news that Patch 5 will be released for on consoles later this week. I mean it's the third patch in…
Sorry I'm tied Sniping filter only for now! Console: PS4 R. Lukaku Buy max Sell around Why? FUTBIN…
For anyone unsure on Icons to pick from Icon swaps. If your lacking up top Crespo is a good choice! All games in ri…
Got tokens out do I just go get nesta now and replace laporte or wait to I get the for ballack and wait out…
This game is fully fucked 🤣
Now up to /12 in icon swaps, how are you doing?
Check out !GIVEAWAY FINALLY AFFILIATE FIFA TRADING/INVESTING JUMP IN ROAD TO A TWITCH PRIME SUB /5 SUB GOAL…
I'm beginning to think that as part of EA's marketing strategy, they now pick a crappy player every year to give ev…
is unbearable
FIFA TOTW Confirmed FUT upgrades for Liverpool, Man City and Spurs players - Along the Boards
Thank you for that great stream today! he last week has honestly been soo crazy over on twitch and I cant thank you…
LIVE ON!! Bora pegar aquele Rank I no Division Rivals!
Why is the goal-difference infront of the league positions... And the points in the GD position... And nothing on p…
Any word yet on when will be releasing a patch that fixes career mode on ?
FIFA has dropped by £0.85 and is now £44.00
What a goal, goal keeper was never saving that shot
First tokens completed!
live in !
Career mode is fixed about fucking time!!!
So I made a move! I’m completely broke but it had to be done! God bless that player who kept it fresh and listed ba…
When your friend says they already pressed shot so couldn’t pass
Are you ment to earn every game you play on I literally get every -6 games!
And we are live on
Anyone else getting + L's trying to do these icon token objectives?...nah? Damn, I'm that bad huh? …
FIFA Career Mode Episode | NEW SIGNING! BELIEVE THE HYPE! via …
Well there goes Top
WTF not a single walkout on the RTG since the st day of then BOOM x2 from the BORN LEGENDS SBC. days lef…
Is there a reason why I keep playing myself in Volta story.
FLASHBACK SBC PREDICTION Based on his item
On part en live pack opening et Rivals.
Just Bought Frenkie De Jong to replace Sissoko! Hopefully After Rewards we can buy Lenglet &amp; Semedo
Messing around in and then on to Career Mode in
FP Retweet this️ Follow⬇️ ️⬅️ ️ ⬅️ Will check all steps W…
Do you think they're coming back?
When your opponent doesn't skip the replays on Ultimate team
Happy to announce that we are working on ! The most complete mod for will be available soon. Stay t…
Some Highlights
Go and watch the latest episode of my FIFA Road to Glory! I really appreciate all the s…
ULTIMATE SCREAM IS NEARLY HERE COULD WE SEE SOME OF THESE TEAMS FROM LAST YEARS SBCS FEATURE AGAIN I NO I W…
Why is draft the only playable game mode
We are hoping for a good game from a company who are unable to fix "crowd's kit badge" for past three years.Cmon gu…
First vid is coming! And i got a double upload for you guys!!! …
Thank you dudes for tuning in tonight! Transfers been good ! Will start a fresh new squad A…
I promised I'd try wearing socks to bed and Mrs Chuff is joining me NGL feels kind of weird already🤣 I'll report…
My sbc acount has spare k on it here is the acount first wins wweboss99.com password Kacper22 or Kacper992…
Barcelona Home -2003 Download :
/12 Icon Swaps done good stuff
Best minutes of FIFA You'll ever see...
I am back
Our latest Rant ! We discuss : The Patch Controller throwing POTM's Icon S…
This game is so shit sometimes, the inconsistency is ridiculous
Anyone noticed that AI defending is back since today's update?
SNIPING FILTER GREAT FILTER PLENTY OF COINS TO BE HAD QUALITY GOLD/ NATIONALITY ARGENTINA/ POSITION RB/ BUY NOW …
Ive dropped skill rating in rivals since Icon Swaps started, because I’m facing fucking mega teams game in game…
See you all on Friday!
We're glad to announce "Khwanitto" will join and represent our FIFA division with us. Eerienced an…
Wen enters the sitting room and finds me with the as his nxt opponent
Is there someone who is able to help me out? I have a question about ICON swaps, when season comes out, will the…
Winner Tomorrow!
Equipa da semana com , e 🇵🇹 Team of the Week with , &amp;…
Dropback + this guy. Name a more iconic duo
How's that for a cross field pass to open the scoring.....
Why haven't I been doing this ffs, I've always just pressed A on it
Hit me up when you need some TOTY Discord packs my guy
I don’t understand why I still bother playing
Playing a geezer on Fifa and their squad is called Mumz Fckerz. I go -0 up and he quits. Just reported his name fo…
It's mad how much cheaper de gea is this fifa than last
ICON PAUL SCHOLES REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
Anyone want to buy ? Just snapped the disc, nothing a bit of glue won’t sort!
I don’t know if I should go for Pirlo, Crespo or Ferdinand
What happend to passing in this game?
Another patch &amp; again the major issues that r plaguing this FIFA are not fixed. Rebound goals, tackling th…
update... my eerience so far. Is this fifa ?! Feels like it how can…
HIGH QUALITY PLAYERS NOT IN CAREER MODE! The Brazilian league isn't licensed with real player names in F…
Easily the worst FIFA ever made.
Mckennie legit looks for k. Stats with an engine chem style: acceleration sprint speed and he’s c…
WE ARE LIVE! - Draft - Division Rivals - Icon swap challenges
Future icons, Imagine this front line!
First two players im investing are mata and belotti strong nation and league links for ultimate scream possible sbc…
I hate when ea doesn't do a daily, cheap, sbc, these motherfuckers really are no fun and dnt care about us.
Why would this not be rewarded as a chip?
Completed the Serie A icon swap objective with this team! Took me games to get wins. Definitely a struggle but…
Good teams to play career mode with ??
At least is better than last year, right?
Do not sleep on this Acuna at LB 🧐
What times champs rewards out tomorrow?
If anyone has the time , I'd really appreciate it if you can, can you make me a team with these untradeables +400k…
Making thumbnails will always make you look like an idiot
what is this transfer glitch
FIFA - VOLTA FOOTBALL: Story via
Spent £49.99 on a game that needed weeks for an update on its career mode. Now update 5 I can't even get past t…
I'm glad the shorts are different......
FIFA in a Nutshell. Ball possession sucks ass. NO FRONT
I paid for this trivial game full of mistakes glitches
My stats with Messi after games. All in Div Rivals. Main positions: ST &amp; CAM. Absolutely wonderful to play w…
ULTIMATE SCREAM WHAT TO EECT!
Just found out how chemistry works with subs and in-game formation changes. This opens the door to so many possibilities 🤔
[ALERT] Arian Bhardi is the Ranked Soccer Eert in the world! % and +153,790 L365 days... that's $15,379 for…
This...was awesome.
For me fifa has been broke for years,unplayable for most part. I’ve owned every Fifa game from ‘93. I foolishly…
Paying homage to the new third kit, years of and supporting the campaign here i…
Didn’t know I played for hahaha
Nice little goal I scored in ultimate team tonight, check it out
in a nutshell
Come watch the one and only !! Hes bringing u some content today!! Hope u have a great stream lov…
KING Kenny!
Worst fifa ever
Barcelona Home -2002 Download :
Anyone else’s goal kicks broken?
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! OTW Promes &amp; OTW NEW BEGINNINGS SBC - FIFA Ultimate Team …
Coming close to a few milestones which may not be massive for some but for me are huge ... So if you aren't followi…
One of the proudest achievements so far in my young career! Check out the brand new episode of The Canadian Messi…
One bug not fixed. Random player in Career Mode Menus. PS: At least it’s the highest Potential new player in the…
Barcelona Home -2001 Download :
My man is LIVE once again! Today he’s bringing you action! Get in there, chat it up, and smash tha…
If you buy coins on Fifa they will make it so you lose more games and buy more coins so they make more money out of…
My semester is in shambles and I'm playing with the boys
FIFA Download PC
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who thinks the gameplay is getting worse with every update they do Bring back th…
I'm a and YouTuber making: - FIFA Road to Glory - Cricket Career Mode - FIFA and Crick…
played games to get this icon token with serie A team. Lost all this shit non rare gold team dies at half tim…
Can we please go back to the previous patch?
FIFA &amp;weaty players&amp;;: the fastest stars for under coins 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Guendouzi can be &amp;;best midfielder in the world&amp;; says Arsenal team-mate Lacazette 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Now Is the Time to Invest in EA Stock 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Northampton &amp; Pollock hits back over &amp;;harsh&amp;; Fifa stats 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Arsenal will love who is leading the race for FIFA&amp; Golden Boy award 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Ultimate Team: Weekend League Red Player Pick Guide – Lewandowski, Kane ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Also love how when you win the Champions League, it updates the arm badge number!
Finally reached mn TP!!! Had a bad week of trading where i was stuck with some bad investments and had to take so…
Barcelona Home -2000 Download :
k fifa points opening! If we pack an icon anyone watching at the time will be entered into a giveaway for k fi…
Part ! Live PM with Lazio Session!
Prime Electrum players pack🤤
Since last year and so far, nothing...
Mandatory cringe selfie after picking Kluivert from icon swaps! Ngl that was a grind to get tokens. …
Shoutout to for some great gaming monitors! People who need a gaming monitor, go check them out!…
The gameplay in is so broken it’s unbelievable, absolutely fu*ked the game up. Responsiveness and delay wit…
Is ,000 points for rank div in div rivals enough?
Excuse me? No Free Kick?
…
NESTA OR FERDINAND ICON FUT SWAPS | ARE THEY WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
Come and watch me get battered on FIFA !
BIDDING FILTER SO EFFECTIVE DOUBLED MY COINS ON SOME CARDS MAKE SURE YOU DONT MISS OUT I HAVE MADE LOADS FROM THESE…
Every year I say I'm not going to get the football game about yet again I've went and bought both. However, …
Not the worst record in the world
John 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Has anyone else had this issue with the icon swaps or am I missing something??
PES and FIFA which one is best on manager's mode?
Losing -3 in because the input lag is at least a second. Utter shit.
I don’t really understand why this guy play like this in every mode, I really can’t understand, hopefully someone c…
When you need to win your last game on pro clubs to get promoted
Hey everyone, sorry it took so long. Here's my break to the recent patch and pitch notes for FIFA ! …
From :3 down in the first minutes won :3. I think i might get in the flow.
Its TIME!!!!!! - Patch testing room! - RTG Icon Swaps - YouTube chat! Opening your packs tomorrow all day! Com…
To my delight, I hit tokens on this evening on . Only one man I wanted, GIGGGGGSY!! GET IN!!…
[NEW VIDEO] WE START AGAIN | FIFA VALENCIA CAREER MODE Watch Here: Like,…
Dortmund Home -2017 Download :
Dortmund Home -2015 Download :
Much better this way
Whatever has done in their latest update is an absolute joke. The Firmino I have has turned into Harr…
Fifa is fucking awful. Can I have my money back pls
FIFA friends anyone want a game On Ps4?
I've somehow still managed to turn a recording of the "update" into a minute video. How tf do I talk so much?
A long time coming
Promotion sealed.
New VIDEO! I BECAME A DIVISION PLAYER with a RTG TEAM 🤩+
Evening Guys, No stream tonight but tomorrow evening.... rewards, rewards and…
Second upload of the day is live! Completing Icon swaps Hernan Crespo!
EA Fifa update 5 Patch Notes ( PS4, Xbox One and PC ) Read what is new in the latest Fifa patch version …
get him if you have any kind of Italian squad, did most of this himself, don't know why it's in dark m…
Just finished my final icon swaps. Time for the next
Matching up against someone playing drop back depth in fut champs
Selling Fifa Coins k = £12 only Only PayPal. DM if interested
Reckon I’m safe?
Registration Open for the Gaming Frog Weekly Series tournament (Xbox &amp; PS4) tomorrow ⌚️Thurs Oct …
Fifa is honestly so shit this year
Finally?
Have you used the Romanian league or Chinese Super League in career mode on yet?
Wijnaldum IF is way too cheap. Should be ranged on k.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE GAME ITS AWFUL NOW WTF
Welcome to the club
We all want to do SBCs guys, even more so now you have effectively forced us into the first owner club But come on…
If you’re going to implement goal difference at least do it properly …
So after this latest update by for when playing a rated team on World Class you can win - …
So, new patch for in . Goal difference was added. Not complaining as it shouldn't have been rem…
Theres ZERO fun in FIFA anymore, none. Its all sweaty modes with sweaty objectives, what happened to casual modes l…
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: Our resident pay to play eert…
CAREER MODE IS FIXED!!!!!
My defending is appalling in this game. Not sure if its the formation I changed to or what but since I switched to…
Best one here... take note
new video is live ! hope you enjoy it
Sniped him what showld i do ? He isnt in fut bin
Doing the icon swaps on has really made me demoralised and I feel like there's no point playing. Not buying at this point.
Market crashed???
All this people that can’t play PlayStation
This me every time I get to take a free kick
There is Absolutely NO valid Elanation for what just happened After th min...
MY BEST PULL YET!!!
WOW Last year u destroy the game in january with a patch. This year you need only weeks.... …
Help me with some pack luck.
Hi all. I am now LIVE!!! Plan for the stream includes: New TOTW Review and Pickup opportunities. Icon Trading …
, and | Stop &amp; Go TV via …
Streaming pals! Come say hi ! Casual tonight ️‍️️ …
Might just give up with already shits so boring
Last Fifa game -0 in mins. His keeper makes wonder saves in first half should be -0. Goal line clearances,…
THIS CARD THO!!!
Hey Where do i have to go to get a refund for . It was bad from release but like ever…
I want to play and nowwww
If anyone fancies a few games of on at some stage then hit me up, this includes you 🤔…
SIGNED, SEALED &amp; DELIVERED! …
I NEED TO ASK SOMETHING ON SOME TRADER DM ME PLS ITS FAST
Let’s go !!!! player packs are op as fuck
SEASON Free agent looking for a top vfl club to dominate with Console: PS4 Pos/Rating: ST AMR (improves…
More input delay since the update?
who already packed TOTW Wijnaldum on PS4? Not even see one in transfer market.
YASSSQUIN Live right now with Rival matches! Mbappe better be insane.... Come joi…
So long &amp; goodbye MLS squad! U didn't make it easy haha. icon tokens in the bag.
Follow for sniping filters and investments! I've been sniping Gibbs &amp; Austin and made insane profit! Best time to…
Thoughts?
What’s your current Team looking like on ??
So, the new update is the biggest pile of garbage i have ever played in my life. Movement is Slow INPUT LA…
What chem styles do you all have on Pep?
which one
When I thought I won game of but turned out I clicked Rivals by mistake...
Me looking for people asking to fix the fitness glitch
THE BEST ICON SWAP COMBOS IN FIFA | ARE THEY WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK
Of course! League-SBCs or revolt
Are you guys planning on addressing "Drop back" Or are we stuck with the most boring playstyle know to football…
Hi I think something is missing there, or am I wrong? I mean down there in th…
Moments later. Game over.
Worst fifa yet!!
I’ve taken about L’s on my record doing these ridiculous objectives in div 🤨
Div2'de zor oluyor ama bitti sayilir |tough to complete iconswaps in div2 but almost there
With the new patch to on ; I made the decision to make a new save for the series. This wa…
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ZOOM DET…
Lucas Digne was onfor in vs Iceland and gets a selection for "Team of the Week". …
FIFA : How to score long shots with the new physics - RealSport
Who even plays Volta but please check out my newest video ,
If you go into Tesco and buy a console and it breaks after a month you take it back and get your money back. You bu…
So the feedback is that AI Legendary is full of awful AI cheating. Random of…
Keep calm and carry on.
GIVEAWAY ENDING IN MINS RETWEET FOLLOW
This looks neat! Check out ´s stream to have the chance of some juicy points. 🤤 …
Brand New video out now. Journey cotinues with my best result on so far!!!
Here we have it! in here's to s more!
Aaaand just dropped most of Fener players’ overall.
Any improvements? I Have liquid k and bench that costs about k
ICYMI: Episode of the FIFA Road to Glory is out now and... we pack a walkout! We als…
Just bagged David Silva at CAM in a FUT pack. Oh yes
Ah crap..&amp; So it begins again EA 🤔
Thank you EA for a realistic table
What’s up , Shon here! Just saw your previous video talking about the Scuf controllers. Please help an O…
Check out my first video! An in depth tactic for ! Perfect for people who like to play a dominating…
New patch changed nothing
skill rating points later....
I am live playing FIFA on I am playing division rivals, trading with the new TOTW &amp; ic…
I'd honestly love a refund for 🤦‍️
You know what to do
best formation for fut20??
Would highly recommend this team, first game was a -1 loss
I think we can improve mmh
I'm about to play some fifa while I listen to "nothing was the same" like it came out yesterday... "how much tim…
Hey guys! If you haven’t already please feel free to to my channel at -
Wijnaldum has been a since i put him in this team... games goals assists Scores this w…
My first Icon flip, I don't like doing this a lot but I keep checking icons every once in a while. Time to sell -…
Check FIFA
new career …
Fifa has another update and yet this still remains. Just hangs on this screen then says opponent left. Honestly how…
LIVE!! - Discussing New patch - Grinding ICON Swaps in Rivals - Completing some SBC's for packs Maybe a fut draft…
I'm playing such bad FIFA at the moment. Imposible to get my wins for ICON swaps this way
To celebrate Hustle Hard being on the soundtrack I linked up with to highlight the a…
When you score an th minute screamer on pro clubs
His shooting is unreal
Our new FUT Champions Team with some Insane Upgrades! Who did we buy??? -
If I took out my PS4 and snapped it on and put it back in again, it’d be less broken than it was before
For those who have used him, what are your thoughts on Griezmann this year? Was awful for me for first /8 games bu…
Time to go to work, see you guys tomorrow for Rewards!
Don’t know what to say, every shot of his was a goal 🤷‍️ hard defeat though ⁦⁩
New patch to Fortnite - game becomes a million times better. New patch to FIFA - game becomes a million times worse
Re-added in Career Mode thanks to the New Update: Shortcut to access your inbox (Press Y on Xbox one or tr…
Hi this is now what happens when you charge your GK and change your mind
Man I swear the new patch has made the game unplayable... Passes &amp; shots are worse than before.
Try to snipe him at k and sell for k immediately
wishlist comes to Lewa and Kane of course, but that Acuna looks mighty delicious.
Up for some friendlies before I jump on Pro Clubs? After that, get ready for…
El Rey dans un pack or premium
~ SQUADS UPDATE 0.2019 finally... ~
Mindblowing how the dev team consistently ignores the fact that day of every is the best time to play. Ever…
this is our kolkata.. This is never happened in any other city &amp; country
Can anyone tell me if Veron is any good on Fifa ?
Game - SK St Polten -2 Rakow Czestochowa - my concentration is poor tonight, I’m going to call it a night and c…
Besides the fact this ist NOT it should not be possible to the Game while the opponent is executin…
I was literally just doing some relaxing Atalanta career mode. So I was playing 'Piemonte Calcio' and the day after…
This new fifa update is shocking!!
Come and join in on an exciting new format where everyone has the chance to win prizes, for free! Places are fillin…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: League and Nation Hybrid SBC /4 (The Challenger... via
k pack, i love this game️
İlkay 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Weston 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
My new Giveaway …
Going live now, come watch
These should do really well after rewards.
Hey guys! We’ve got ANOTHER free tournament this Saturday for ! If you’re looking to get into competitive F…
Another week another bid profit on the discord. That Wijnaldum profit 🤑🤑
I will eventually get both but who first
Pls how do you guys defend
First season of icon swaps done! Next step = Rio
FIFA Download PC
at this early stage of you can't play in div with a RTG team. It's not fun, it's not fair and I'm droppin…
New patch and the game is still ass
we are live guys On going for the icon swaps then BOOM....
I think I packed one of the best two player packs ever …
sleepa in one image
Does anyone elses instantly crash after starting the game with updated version 5?
Icon Swaps Analysis! Having seen a lot of discussion about how best to spend your Icon Swaps Tokens, here is my ana…
That team though..
So is fifa career mode fixed now?
Tbh wasn’t worth the hype
) Wijnaldum ) Acuña ) McKennie Order of humbling picks that I would like the chance to get tomorrow
JUST RELEASED: Brand New FIFA Mufc career mode today we make some new exciting signings for January check them o…
Fifa patch notes 5: all Career Mode fixes included in the new title update
Me coming from -0 down to win -2 on
No delay just animations, it’s just insulting now
finally fixed Career mode huh? About fucking time ... Patch download time
Since today is the legendary Jacques Kallis’ birthday, why not take another look at his icon profile from our…
FIFA Download PC
Simple FUT trading method guides here —&gt;
Damm that was a grind
every time i finish work on Wednesdays a little part of me is excited to see the TOTW but yet again... It’s fucking trash
Game - SK Sturm Graz -5 Rangers - I cannot deal with Jermaine Defoe. -6-5
NEW PATCH, SAME BS!!!
You swear is hard and then I woop you with scraps on route to getting my starting
The grind was worth it!
How cheeky would this side look in a -1-2-1-2(2) with someone subbed at CDM ?
Finally completed , which icon should I go for ? Or which two icons ?
They’ve proper ruined this Fifa haven’t they . Broken, until it’s updated again
Lionel Messi • Skills • Goals • Dribbling • Freestyle • FC Barcelona . Follow for more . . .…
My first draft win this fifa! didnt even make the k back
The team I'm running atm, I've got about million coins invested so when I sell I'm going to do major upgrades. An…
Gold this week, fingers crossed i get that gini in my red picks!
This game lol
| Time to grind some of these Icon objectives. Prem team time - Let’s Gooooo!
FIFA Download PC
servers go down every time on my one day off.
Being as EA didn’t give us anything again today, do you guys want some content?
Boom all tokens got and got what in my opinion is the best card for the amount of effort put in
Stop the GIF time, rewards tomorrow morning - not the strongest TOTW but there are a few good reds in there…
Me when I score a sweaty goal to win the match on
Everytime i convince myself to give another chance it quickly reminds me how absolutely shit and broken that game is.
Is it only me that gets mad button delay and that passing to a player feet away is a newr impossible task?
Imagine if FIFA played this fast.
How is this a penalty?? FIX UR GAME
League &amp; nations SBC OP (both in one pack). TESCOOOOO!
So true what's going on!!
This better be a good fix
FIFA - Title Update via
We are live fellas get yourselves in here
EA definitely don't want to upgrade the OTW cards. Someone's got to score a hatrick, keep a clean sheet and get a r…
EPISODE IS OUT NOW! Go and watch the latest episode of the FIFA Road to Glory! We pa…
Simmed a season on CM to see if update worked. Sacked in Feb for sitting th but table looks more realistic
LIVE BROS -FUT Draft with Subs!! -Discussing -New FIFA patch Subscribe Like Share …
FIFA is gonna be the death of me...
- Finishing: - Volleys: I'm proud of you, Kostas.
Savage from telling the disloyalty they've had from career mode for years... …
ULTIMATE SCREAM IS COMING! WHAT TO EECT! ULTIMATE SCREAM via
Selling FUT Fifa Coins. k = £12. only Only PayPal DM if interested
Tiki taka? Hold my beer
Game - SK Rapid Wien -2 Finland - tough scrappy game, both of us could’ve won it! -6-4 …
Wow I feel really attacked by for not giving Ross Barkley an IF, my lawyers will be in touch
-7 for this
FIFA Download PC
Logging on to Fifa to find no new content
How much do you reckon Wijnaldum will sell for, he's extinct atm
Post-patch CM gameplay is improved, but it's clear that the reason why it's easier to beat top teams in CM is the s…
Debating whether to delegate to div to do these objectives, games in, losses. I’m using players Matt Rich…
k on prend
Thank you EA for time locking my dreams and not releasing any new content. Will spend all my free time playing…
BOOM! Upgrade pack... this is a great one!
IT’S TIME! Let’s go!
Goals Of The Week ️ Which Goal Gets Your Vote?!
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
Bless those people who rage quit against you when you are grinding first owner objectives Y’all have a separate place in heaven
Not too bad of a team heading into weekend league 🤷‍️
FIFA Download PC
INVESTMENT TIP JOHN MCGINN IS IN TOTW I WOULD PUCK UP HIS NONE RARE GOLD CARD IT HAS DROPPED IN PRICE BUT WILL RI…
FIFA Download PC
Wtf happened to Wijnaldum, his price dropped to k after he was confirmed in the and within about minu…
One for the Fans, Georginio Wijnaldum has received a new FUT card after his impressive performances for t…
Yes yes yes see you am wochehende ️🥰
Fifa career mode ideas?
Just scored my first free kick and corner goal in the same game against Valencia in Champions League
Good to see have added more momentum to . Twats.
Lovely strike Danny Ings
Big doing Carroll things with that left foot
Sterling Or Pepe? will be playing RM.
Champions League still kind of broken? Tadic has goals in games, but has only played...one. …
[] is LIVE!! He is grind some Icon Swap, make sure to get in here
Pepe’s OTW card is ridiculous
Anyone get anything good out of those Jumbo premium gold packs?
End of Era Schweinsteiger!!! What you thinking!?
It gets easier with time, they say. I am waiting for that moment on this game.
FIFA Apk + OBB for Android Offline Mod MB Best Graphics New Menu Face Kits &amp; Full Transfers Update…
So I just found this?
Episode of the leeds career mode is out now, crazy goal from a defender on this
WE ARE LIVE!!! PRO CLUBS!!!
In the spirit of staying positive with I have four sets of awards to open tomorrow! Very exci…
My TP today, I've still got to sell % of my stuff.
WE ARE LIVE! Notification Squad! ️
Going live earlier than planned : Will continue to hunt objectives Rivals Gameplay General discussion on gamin…
FIFA Download PC
Team now after packing Neymar and Varane in the space of a day.
I’ve got so far.
is the worst game I have ever played lol defenders are never in defence, can't score headers, corners is ju…
I'm starting LIVE on !
Get your ICON Swap token
If you are in division can you let me know what rank is at for rivals points? Might not promote myself on purpo…
Well done you managed to break the game even more after that update
Totally wierd but somehow works.. when i am playing in tele broadcast I don't face the player switching issues that…
What every hubby would come home to I just got told on my way in to enjoy x pressie on the bed for ya thanks chic…
I have tokens for what am I doing with them?!
Favorite kits in ?? Using your replies for a video. Welcome to send pictures.
Running late guys, gotta sort dinner! Live in just over an hour... Rivals and then some
LIVE ON TWITCH!! COME WATCH OUR FIRST FIFA LIVE STREAM - PLAYING PRO CLUBS WITH THE BOYS
Game - SCR Altach -1 RKC Waalwijk - back to winning ways, did well to come from behind. -5-4 …
EA why are your servers so cancerous?
Any designers around wanna help me with an prediction?
Want to join our Affiliate program? Earn % commission currently on orders from YOUR link! Sign up below and…
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (Xbox One) - v1 (EU) - Thursdays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* …
First game of starts for . Cheer for him and support him on both streams! Let's go! 🆚…
probably my best snipe as of yet, goes for k on the market(PC) I know it isn't much but as in was going to buy h…
Every year you’re game is shocking like most patches nothing changed all you care about is making money with shit c…
I'm sorry but when were these released???
This is what goes down at night
Snipe squad fitness at coins And sell for coins. Thank me later
I said times... Can be seen here: …
FIFA has been butchered on UT once again, pace wins - can't match people who have spent hundreds on packs etc, h…
Won a local H2H tournament last night, I never thought I'd say this but H2H &gt; FUT gameplay. I could actually dribble and pass
Going live at :30
Just paid k for mbappe only hurt a little bit
Lets see if i can get Ronaldo like
FUT SCREAM CONCEPT To make the scream promo worthwhile and have a lasting effect on top tier teams, here’s a co…
Going live playing some trying to grind to gold before weekend league to get TOTW my absolute…
I am selling fifa19 coins at ps4, if anyone interested Dm me
Episode is of the is out! Go check it out, YOU WON’T REGRET IT!…
Did anything come out at pm?
️FIFA20 most popular video game. Do you like FIFA20 video game If you like Please like and Retweet of this Tweet G…
Are you looking for a creative logo? then visit my fiverr account for message me : …
Wtf how has only got star skill rating in ?
This FIFA is so boring, think I’m already in the phase of just playing WL and that’s it...
Fuck you!
I hate this game from fifa19 because the game is very bad
Having to keep worrying about morale or the players gets transferred in career mode sucks
How many has everyone got?
First overselling-player sold for today, but it was a good one! New for k
Ah yes good old , the only place to lose to a team who had no shots on target 🤮
Bought a new team for rivals, About to test them out🤞
Panic listing at its finest
Well done those consistently messaging and talking about the problems with the game. Keep at it, only thing…
Anybody wanna catch these hands online?
FIFA - Team of the week !
FIFA Download PC
Any new content today ? Or are we getting fuck all again?
Gini in champs rewards would be nice...
This game needs content or a decent totw to survive and with ea doing everything possible to screw both especially…
ICON SWAPS GOLDEN RIVALS &amp; EPL - In this episode we will take you through the Golden Rivals and the Premier Leag…
Dead Sbcs, awful TOTW, manipulating traders, poor glitches, mixed gameplay Fifa is dying already
YES! I CAN
Come here you beauty!! Icon Swaps season completed ️
Starting up a new trading twitter drop us a follow for some tips and see some of the deals I pick up and their pric…
CONTENT 0.2019 +++NOTHING+++ Emoji-Rating:
Don’t understand , there’s so so much potential. Friday night I played from pm until am, the gameplay was…
FIFA TOTW FUT Squad | Team of the Week IF Cards 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Harry , Gini Wijnaldum and John McGinn Get Charged Up in FIFA &amp; New Team of the Week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
What&amp; favourite celebration in Fifa ? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
wait...there are promo packs on xbox and ps4 but not on PC...umm EA?
The competitive season is upon us! ️⃣
FIFA Download PC
They don’t even know if this will work clearly 🤷‍️
Nice content
when the fitness glitch getting patched ?
Wednesday is BY FAR the worst day in FUT.
Loving the new content lads
There are plenty of discard cards available that look like great investments! Our guide --&gt;
Anddd there’s nothing.......
dying real quick
Nothing, lets buy thursday flips!
Nice content ea...
Those new set pieces sure are shit, aren't they?
Because of the Icon Swap Objectives these two are in demand.
No content yet again, they don’t give a fuck
And this patch made Fifa even worse, the delay is even more unreal, players are insanly unresponsive, the bounce…
The Acuna IF with a shadow looks nutty
And we are live!! - GIVEAWAY! - TOTW PACKS! - WEEKEND LEAGUE SQUAD BUILDER
Is the nation pride sbc worth doing peeps?
Back on my BS. Golazo
You can see soldiers in the stands but no spectators, no tv coverage, the north wanted it this way …
Hopefully this update fixes the glitches in career mode
Messi doing Messi type things
Which team(s) do use in ? Me: Juventus (Piemonte Calcio) and Man City
Rond 0 live!
is still broken, this is at kickoff lol
Is Career Mode fixed?
World Cup qualifiers: India vs Bangladesh -1 draw:
FIFA Download PC
RIP Ruined the game for real
Hey fans, As you probably could tell, our latest patch did almost nothing! You’ll need to wait until…
One Fucking left
Salah Vs. Mane review is up on the channel! 🇪🇬 OR 🇸🇳?
Free kicks and penalties on are awful. ️
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Always come up against this one person in pro clubs
Roses are red, violets are blue, with new PATCH we have a DEJA VU...
no offside?
I remember when, I remember when... We didn't need fitness cards on FIFA !!
Was holding fire on the Giggs icon incase Lozano was in however I’ll get him tonight now. Hopefully Digne or…
And the Curse strikes again...
EAids
No content again for ultimate team.
Has this patch fucked up the referees as they don't give jack shit now
These icon swap objectives are easy af
Here are the icon sales I made since last week high tier cards .. Profit after tax : 80.000 …
Would you do this with your copy of ? Check out these silly ideas ⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️…
I actually think the skill gap is non existent this year
FIFA Download PC
New patch is so shit. Players can't even move under fitness. Gameplay slower than ever, the worst version of fif…
Beautiful unused , ready condition. …
apart from icons...how do I link this? (formation doesn't matter as long as it's atb)
Need to start an interesting rtg. help me out.
FIFA Download PC
New TOTW looks interesting... unfortunately I will not see any of these with my red picks
FIFA Download PC
that backheel assist 🤤
If I get rated Harry Kane in my rewards tomorrow I’ll never complain about Fifa for rest off the year lol
LIVE IN FIVE!! - Division Rival Grind - TOTW5 ft IF Pjanic!! - Zero Pack Luck!! - Testing Patch Update!!…
Striker Showdown Who would you rather have up front?
FIFA Download PC
What’s this Fifa20 update all about?
FIFA Download PC
Thank you for the recent patch for and for fixing career mode. Appreciate it very much
Who's your Midfield Maestro? Let us know below! …
Check the ring for men % offer with the code Curves_black30 …
Woke up late! Ahhh. Stream in . Trying to finish more of these FIFA challenges... We almost there!
NEW POST . TOTW5 REVIEW .
I can’t play one single match in rivals without delay without DELAY !!!! I never see that is the worst gameplay fif…
Time to start a new career mode now the update is out️
Goin live in mins pm content Div rivals Totw talk Packs packs and packs Hope in and help me chose a new tea…
Just look at all the things that were faulty in this game. you effectively released a beta…
is disaster after this patch.. Shame on Ea they change so many things and doesn't mention it in the patch n…
It worries me were less than a month in and this level of patches has already been needed
Anyone elses replays stuttering like crazy?
Back on the Grind
. is a joke haha
What do you guys think of the new patch on
What team should I pick against Liverpool on in the Emirates FA Cup
When I do a quick -2 and run through with my pace Sadio Mane... But my opponent's pace Mustafi has different…
Can someone please comment on if is worth the purchase?
Dear , is there any chance that you can fix the right stick switching?? It literally does not exist an…
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
It's that time of the week again... Released Who are you hoping to pack?
Fails of the Week! Send us your best fails for a chance to be featured!
Free kicks in
But in the same match on this was a penalty
Start making coins now with our trading method guides here --&gt;
Are they fucking serious
Anybody else think that the gameplay feels really shit on it always seems to be after patches it really ann…
Fails of the Week! Send us your best fails for a chance to be featured!
On this wasn't a penalty
This update has made everything that i hated about the game worse. Strength matters even less now so its al…
Just went live! …
How’s the new patch feeling? Some people saying it’s great. Thoughts?
Check out the best fails of the week!
New Fifa update changed about things, it also made no effect to those things.
is here!
I am trading in for next week. Fifa is the most broken, shameful video game that…
It’s incredible to see the amount of fixes that have provided in the last three weeks. It makes you won…
Gameplay is so smooth and fast now, fair play to for the new patch
This is the sort of ⁦⁩ goal to make grown men cry and make them uninstall the game from their console!…
SCREAM PROMO SOON drop this
Register today with LDN UTD for your chance to join our team and represent LDN on the same team as legend…
Fifa apparantly fixed some issues... Now my Inaki Williams with hawk (99 pace) gets outpaced by Godin. pace.…
LIVE NOW ️ I'M BAD AT THIS GAME
only ea can make a shit game even shitter with an update to make it better
Boston : One bold prediction for Jaylen Brown in -20 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Amazon Major PS5 Hits Like Devil May Cry , Sekiro, and Monster Hunter: World 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA - Patch 5 Details
Fifa resource pack
FIFA Download PC
Are opponents able to see your target on ? I've had saved in the one match.
NEW VIDEO! THE PROBLEM WITH IS... ️
MATCHDAY BEGINS! (E) v (F) v (G) v Join LIVE:…
That is scary!
LESS THAN AN HOUR until episode of the is PREMIERED! Don’t miss it!…
Our current system is obsessed with but almost completely forgets the doing and the modelling.…
ICYMI! FIFA ROAD TO GLORY Another rip off SBC and let's talk Icon Swaps! …
I got pretty good pack luck dis year
Less than hours away from the sign-ups closing...We do not want you to miss out on winning $50 CINO Cash. Have…
Sniping Method Right Now. ST Frankfurt Portuguese coins. - Gonçalo Paciência k - André Silva k Gold Inter…
So fed up with FIFA gameplay. Selling my team and just gunna trade for the next couple of weeks for the good of…
I’m sorry, but this update is absolutely tragic. Back to slow, sluggish players, slow input, awful player s…
I must be the only player on the world that plays -2-4 and dominates possession.
That moment when your bad luck in trading from a week ago on the The Walcott SBC (I fell asleep and didn’t get to s…
question, is the Update already live? Gameplay Feels even worse than before
Building Serie A Squad and Playing some Division Rivals come watch!!
FIFA Download PC
When your keeper has a free kick, please enable the ability to change the camera angle. This year, for some bizarre…
Welcome to the th of my RTG where I pack a k+ player. I hope you enjoy via
This might be the worst TOTW i’ve seen in a LONG time
Grind no Division Rivals!
I'm definitely restarting another career mode on following the latest update, I just hope all the major iss…
Need coins? follow our guide on 'Below BIN Bidding' --&gt;
Honestly if gave me a copy or a demo to try there game I would at this point to see if its worth switc…
Just wanted to say a massive thanks for everyone putting up with me on stream as we were doing those rivals objecti…
RIP to those who completed POTM Lewandowski including me (idiot)... You simply must love What a j…
losses later Please make a mode where you can play against other people doing challenges thankyou…
Following the recent announcement of the European Golden Boy shortlist, I think I’ve come up with a pretty good ide…
I’m live on Twitch playing some Ultimate Team. Scottish Premiership team (with one player from each club)…
WE ARE LIVE! - TOTW Chat - Rivals Grind - PM Content - Maybe a cheeky Gold upgrade?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
make sure to join my discord if you haven't already, droping tips all the time.
Did the patch do anything? It feels like the only thing its done is make depth drop back MORE op. Feels like its…
Another year of with a patch ruining the game
I have Wijnaldum so I was curious as to how much he might raise to? And when is best time to sell an IFs gold version?
Missing my , got million coins to build a team wanted to make a SPL past/present. Any suggestions welcome!…
I have to quit against Gold players in draft because i have constant speedup lags and unplayable delay while my o…
️ Following his hat-trick for Scotland in the international break, has been named in…
/12 Icon swaps collected! How you getting on? Stream tomorrow, opening my gold rewards!
What Icon would you go for out of these? They're the Icon swap versions.
It has been a real grind but I have completed all objectives But still am confused about who to choose as my icon p…
Going live on twitch for some more action! Grinding a bit of rivals to make sure I get rank and going to…
For those who play it - Career Mode is fixed by the way, y’all. No more weaker teams being fielded, which w…
How's the new update?
FIFA has updates... What does it mean for the game?
Has anyone used pep on FUT might get him Roy Keane seems long to do
I need that Kane IF!
Eventually... one of the most painful but rewarding things I've ever done 🤣🤣 …
The patch actually made the game even worse
FIFA Qualifier World Cup India🇮🇳 Vs Bangladesh🇧🇩 …
Few investment ideas for ultimate scream coming later …
FIFA Download PC
Gameplay in is just getting worse and worse after each update. EA should do something quick...
️ ⏳ Today, :30 🆚
Why people don't play Volta? This game mode is dead from day . Haven't seen a YouTuber do a video on that game mod…
FIFA Download PC
First game on the new patch EA took inspiration from board games , fair play. Used to love this as a kid
Meme Monday NAH Wild Wednesday
Trying to do icon swaps with my non-rare Bundesliga team and keep matching POTM Aubameyang how am I supposed to win ffs
Last chance to get FIFA swag!
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! (FIFA ) live at
YES, GINI 🤩 features in the Team of the Week |
Legend...
This weeks TOTW, featuring no Lozano!🤔 Who are you hoping to pack in your rewards tomorrow? Also don't forget I w…
Another Update for and still no fix or Answer from on the D pad controls issue!!!
I can’t be the only that thinks the content in is so much worse than that of fifa at least right…
HEEEEY! sad news...mo video today, have some stuff to take care off! New video tomorrow and to compensate...double/…
Joker or best
So this is my team that could be heading into this weekends WL, is there any changes you would recommend for me…
Sorry for being quiet of late had so much on with me birthday my son and work after all points won’t pay for them s…
Patch has improved it
In my honest opinion, Career Mode is pretty fucked up. The AI is extremely bullshit. It doesn't matter wher…
Guesse he wanted him fresh so badly k+ overpay....
Have a look at the Ultimate Team – Team of the Week () featuring Lewandowski and Kane! …
Torn between on icon swaps, what do you think ?
Our player will participate in the Cup. Many games and you have the chance to enjoy…
(Switch) - £29.56 / (XB1) - £37.56 / (PS4) - £38.36 Using Code
Shall I keep or save my TOTW pack from Elite ?
NEW TOTW!! Who do you want in your FUT Champs red player picks?!
GOING LIVE! NEW PATCH, WHO DIS?
Best Goal So Far! Whats yours?
I have just been disconnected from squad battle games and then been able to log straight back into ultimate team.…
Which player should be my marquee signing for the RTG this FUT Champs weekend?? Have -1.6m to spend.
Unlocking GIggs in FUT
Should I do a series?
please elain this?!
Rate my team kean comes off right away
Draft stream tonight bros!! 5pm -FUT Draft with Subs!! -Discussing Subscribe Like Share …
I'm new to game streaming. I play FUT Drop me a follow
Two patches down, and still haven't added João Félix new face. PES would never.
How good is it to have Villa Park back on ? And those advertising boards don't look too bad either …
Icons x Scream
Nice start with Bronze-Packs! As overselling is running bad, I will give this a try. What kind of trading do you us…
GOT AMAZING TRADING LISTS, INVESTMENT, SNIPING FILTERS COMING TONIGHT YOU DO NOT WANT TO MISS OUT GO CHECK OUT MY I…
RIP to everyone who stockpiled OTW lukaku and Lozano
Let’s see how this update is hittin
If you're complaining about s being harder to score in this year, and are salty about it, all it shows is that yo…
Maguire is playing as a RW while AWB plays as a CB. I'm over the madness that is FIFA20 Career Mode. Shame on you,…
There is actually a few decent cards here to be fair 🤙 which you guys looking to get ? I’ll be live from pm tonig…
So... how does a small Stadium such as Norwich City's Carrow Road Stadium look in with ? Take a loo…
When tries to inject you with the new patch
Wow what is it with ea servers it’s beyond a joke ffs gameplay has been horrendous oh but it’s fine paying for draf…
London, United Kingdom
FIFA TOTW : the latest Team of the Week names - PC Gamer
The sooner cunts stop sucking 's cocks over ultimate team, the sooner they'll be accountable for the w…
Happy to confirm: That after the new Update, CPU Teams now play their best players in Career Mode Top Te…
Hi all. Plan is to go live at :30pm! Plan for the stream includes: New TOTW Review and Pickup opportunities. I…
Looking alot better than last week. Here are the IF's I would take.
I'm starting LIVE on !
Now THAT is what I like to see!!!
Already k up in mins
So, do you agree with me that we need new servers and completely new engines that will run this game or you still b…
pm-10 Uk time live on my channel
Man news and transfers LIVE Aguero car crash update plus De Bruyne and Stones injury latest 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
FIFA Ultimate Scream: Everything you need to know about FUT&amp; Halloween special – release ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
First Icon Flip
How did they decide that these cards ratings makes sense when looking at the stats.. Digne beats Acuna in only one…
More sales
TOTW is now here!!! Who do you want the most?
THE BEST FIFA CAMERA AND CONTROLLER SETTINGS check the vid XX
. is just getting started! Wouldn’t mind packing this!
Short version for new patch update: they fu**k up dribbling !
Following his hat-trick for Scotland in the international break, has been named in 's TOTW.…
Back for more career mode Throwback FIFA | AC Milan | EP | FIFA
LONG LIFE
I'm starting LIVE on !
Completed the online section of Icon Swaps now just games to win against world-class on squad battles and Crespo…
Live! Icon Swaps &amp; Chill
It’s the Team of the Week. There’s spots for &amp;
New Video Co-Op Team Talk | Episode England 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 George and Ben use England this time as they…
Wait, players with less stamina they lose more fatigue even if they’re not sprinting?!
Wtf this game was little fair
This isnt supposed to be funny, but literally me anytime I score a goal in Fut Champs, when on a good run
Time! Here are my rankings on every inform from this weeks' Team of The Week! Of course reply below and…
FIFA Ultimate Scream: Everything you need to know about FUT's Halloween special - release date, players, rating…
The matchfinder ladders are now open until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All…
Go follow if you play FIFA
Disappointed with this week's . Hoping for a Gigi in Champs rewards and that's about it..
Ben yedder, rashford Or Jesus at striker ?
I dont care about trading situation with OTW cards coz it doesn’t effect it too much BUT why are EA so reluctant to…
Wouldn't want to come across this fella while you were out trick or treating........
Um I’m looking at the prem on my Swindon save to see if teams are working &amp; wtf is this mess
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!! OP UPGRADE PACKS!!!!
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
I don't get what's special with this card 🤷‍️ don't feel it's worth the price it is tbh. That's just my opinion h…
London, United Kingdom
Best Card I’ve used so far
London, United Kingdom
OUR FIRST EVER RTG STREAM GOING LIVE IN FIVE!! - PACKS - NEW TOTW DISCUSSION 🥴 - RTG ON PS4 🤘🤘 You don…
Lozano not in the ?
My opponents in be like:
has been announced. Who are you hoping to get out of your FUT champs / div rival packs? …
Ea on a mission to kill OTW holders this year so the trend looks like this... Pick up OTW = Thursday/Fridays durin…
Ready for Champs.
Instagram
I've been thinking, did fix that FakePlayer thing from the beta?
So I've just played a divisions game, I went -0 down early, my opponent then quit the game and I get it awarded as…
G.O.A.T Lionel Messi wins sixth Golden Shoe award. …
Tried to give it a chance but is utter dross.
Who are we wanting here!!! Gini Wijnaldum Digne Gundogan Would massively help my team
Finished the icon swaps objectives in three days with basic first owner teams In d4/3. Yet I’m seeing people who us…
Selling m fifa coins. Need gone ASAP. Message me if interested in buying. can negotiate a price, cheaper the…
Anyone thought of getting Roberto Carlos and using him as Cdm? Might try it myself but Crespo first! …
[90/100] SUBPOINTS - ICON SWAPS OBJETIVOS [!instantgaming] [!betpt] [!loots]
The new patch feels ok passing is still a bit dodgy and still had delay with shooting how's everyone else finding it?
This is full list of competing game: ■Main events - - - - -…
Henry is incredible, this card with sniper agility and cheaper than Drogba
FIFA TOTW FUT Squad | Team of the Week IF Cards - Dexerto
Just started building an online draft for the first episode of Draft To Glory!! Come join the stream t…
Ilkay Gundogan named in FIFA Team of the Week
I've decided that I will be going with Pirlo &amp; Okocha from Icon swaps just because they're both Star skillers and…
That John McGinn TOTW card after his hat-trick for Scotland against San Marino..
Sucks for POTM Lewandowski owners... The upgrade for his POTM was thrash to begin with.
My best clip from this past weekend’s FUT Champs. That composure by Martial &amp; the backheel finish by Ben Yedder. Fi…
Lozano investors right now. 🤣🤣
Weston
Join , , , &amp; for another discussion on and enter in a chance…
games broke man
TOTW ️ Check out the squad and their in-game stats
Youth Edition Is almost ready
Weeks, in forms
FIFA simulation featuring Chelsea going up against Valencia in UCL group stage.
I'll clip it from my stream in the morning but I scored a nd minute winner in rival's tonight while clearly yar…
Ep. of Bradford City: Road Back to the Premier League is now up! In it I show you the f…
Nice TOTW, good to see some high rated usable cards this time. The stats of McKennie, Wijnaldum and McGinn look gr…
I can't believe it. Fifa patch
Knowing I have to listen to Lee Din commentate on fifa hurts my ears. Would rather listen to white noise
Who will be playing when they get home? ‍️
Can you share How to get FIFA coins faster in game? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : Top cards in FUT 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
LIVE in FIVE! Live with some Grinding and base building! More with later…
I wanted to play rivals division , mins cant find opponent,immposible.. someone have same problem??
Finally! have finally fixed the majority of issues in . While some people may see this as to little to l…
Was struggling with the Ligue Icon Swap objective, could only win one match and then I bit the bullet and bought…
First big purchase and snipe of the year, just in time before he's out of packs for . Fell in love wi…
Ahhh. in . All season stats wiped as you progress. No scorer stats for games to look back on. The…
FIFA - new update. As part of it they have apparently made legendary difficulty harder. I put this to the test.…
Honestly, who is testing these patches to make sure they are actually doing what they say?
One that might of gone under the radar when the TOTW was confirmed... This card is lowkey OP as fcuk. High/High…
How i feel about so far...
May have to thank some of the fake leaks for this was very low after his game so picked up k avg, looked to…
Is this the best totw so far? For me % digne and Wijnaldum would improve my team tremendously. Who are you hopin…
Ya salio el TEAM OF THE WEEK para
Neymar 🇧🇷 Vs Ronaldo 🇵🇹 Who's goal was better? Comment below
new update but can’t download latest squads for new career 🤪
Even though we have known for hours here is the latest Team of the Week. Al Soma has been a bit of a beast in previ…
Anyone else notice your manager rating drastically declining in even though you're unbeaten, objectives…
How Bateson has matured over years...
Patch Update - Changes have been made to the behaviour of goalkeepers in the game. Previously error-prone…
I've put a mill into Laporte and Jordi Alba. Did Laporte as soon as the leak was out but prices are easily snipable…
Alle Info‘s zum FUT Scream Event! …
Give me a red Digne or Wijnaldum and I'll be happy
Pretty sure the recent patch said goalkeepers wouldn't do diving saves unless absolutely necessary, yet today alone…
not sure which one should be higher rated but I'm pretty sure that +1 at dribbling won't make any difference on the…
This weeks TOTW 🤔 Can you use any one from this and are you looking forward to rewards? let me know who you guys wa…
Wijnaldum gold card price is going to be rocket high this weekend
Is the FIFA patch that has fixed career mode available on PS4 yet? Does anyone know? Last I heard it had only ro…
🤝 Two in two weeks as John McGinn gets an in form card from his performance against San Marino.
Can hardly tell the difference with this new patch...
The last time I did a game face in FIFA, don’t remember if it was FIFA14 or .. his shirt name was WEEZY…
So glad I didn’t give in to the Lozano hype and buy a card for K, can’t wait to see it crash back down now
New TOTW!! k points locked and loaded, Don’t miss me packing one of these live on stream from pm…
M.Thuram !
Another poor team of the week only one worth a shout is
They changed images again ?
FIFA LOW BUDGET TRADING METHOD!!!
Thoughts go out to all you people that completed the Lewandowski SBC. Thats a big RIP.
Welcome
Team of the Week
Amir Rrahmanis briliant start at , and his outstanding performance against Montenegro led to an info…
is here! ⃣0⃣ Lewandowski 🇵🇱 ⃣0⃣ Kane 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ⃣8⃣ Nava 🇨🇷 Now that is a team and a half. Who do you n…
objectives games (MVP: 🇩🇰Delaney) games (🇦🇷Benedetto) g…
If you want different results, then you have to do something different. …
Anyone else’s Fifa game play feel like the players are stuck in the mud and unresponsive?
I think the only way ea will put a OTW in the team of the week is if they are the only player on the pitch and get…
What are we doing? This is pointless.
Riesen Dank an
Some interesting cards but still glad I haven't popped my WL FIFA20 cherry yet...although that Lewa card! I'll have…
Praying for mcginn in my red picks
EA showing us exactly why we shouldn’t complete untradable player SBC’s with that Lewandowski card. What a joke.…
announced
People who did TOTM Robert Lewandowski ON
Yo this Acuña with a shadow could be one of the best LB in the game rn and links to Bruno Fernandes who already has…
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
INVESTMENT TIPS MAKE SURE YOUR READY TO SELL YOU MARQUEE MATCH UPS CARDS TOMORROW SOME CARDS HAVE RISEN COINS E…
I JUST PACKED SUAREZ !!!!
Selling my OTW Lozano for k, which works out to k PAT looks like a great decision.
has better scripts than GoT did
| We are giving away TWO special edition, signed copies of for PlayStation ! To be in with a chance of…
Wah dapat Isco from SBC... not bad at all! 🤟
Does anyone know if and have taken measures against the Turkish football team after it's players repeat…
PRE STREAM TING: new totw with Nep
Check out my first YouTube video! In depth tactical guide for people who like to dominate possession and co…
New no OTW upgrades again ... some decent cards though
Trying to complete the Serie A objective in Rivals with my shitty Serie A non-rare First Owner team. Hit Pause to s…
And I'm back in the career mode
TOTW TOTW OFICIAL disponible a las :00 °° °° …
In packs at pm GMT
Full post on Instagram : ◾◾◾Tags ◾◾◾ …
Wijnaldum does look like a tasty IF though might have to go into my team
Has anybody seen Emre? 🤔 Last seen falsely accusing me of all sorts.... 🤣🤣🤣
Wait wait! Please don’t tell me this is similar to his POTM
A few players in this week's that we'd all like in our XI!
Where tf is Marcus Forss???
Damn investing in OTWs is rough when ea wont up grade any of them even though they deserve it
Join us at this Fri /10 and play with !
Team of the Week
This card but in one of my red picks with the red design 🤤
What do you think guys? not the best imo but i'd love some Wijn &amp; Lewa in my reds
hey guys, i’m going to end the go glory series for videos because the content just isn’t there. i will still…
Sp great about that update from now we can see our points for ranks in DR and SB! …
WE ARE LIVE! Come say hi at ! We'll test the new patch out with a new team in Rivals!
*NEW* : announced
Who's your Fav? Feel like digne will be one of the best out of this
New TOTW!
Fifa Career Mode! Finally after the many weeks of being broken Ea have released a patch! Will be able to finall…
YES, GINI 🤩 Another one for as him feature for the Team of the Week |
What is the FIFA TOTW for week ? - PC Gamer
Backup BPL team set up nicely I think (for anyone wanting to know, Adama Traore is in fact a god) …
So apparently they made the game worse?
Got to the point now where I’m not going to buy I said that if career mode was fixed then I would but that…
La Liga &amp; Golden Rivals Icons Swaps This one took more games since I realized my LB was dogshit. Navas was shit a…
x Nicky Maynard | | |
After his hat-trick against in -1 win, Nicky Maynard has made Te…
Hat-trick Heroes 🇵🇱🇺🇸 &amp; make 's international break ⭐ …
Four goals in two appearances for . The defender makes it into …
YES, GINI 🤩 features in the Team of the Week |
They honestly couldn't have chose a better picture for him
New patch fells the same i hate to say it but im not a fan of this fifa its just not fun defending is super…
Who are you going for in Icon Swaps? I have to go for this card, only end game Player out of all those icons.…
Another update still fucking shit
We are live FIFA RTG EP /100 Followers
any blessers out there ...wouldn't mind
Grind complete
Division rivals is so slow wth eventhough my player are at % fitness?
Is fifa worth buying I really can’t decide if I should get it or not ?
This needs fixing ! It's very confusing to look at and this is for all leagues
Did they update Joao Felixes face in the new patch ?
Ready for weekend league. Aiming for elite .
How did get leaked again! Fuck sake I told you to not make your password “Password123”
This s**t has to stop . This completely ruins the otherwise good gameplay!
Quick FIFA Points / $ Giveaway Retweet &amp; Follow Me &amp; Winner Soon
Whilst people are going in for investments based on WHO is in TOTW. Try thinking about who they’d have to buy to…
If you want us to rate your squad then get into the stream now
HOW TO CHAIN SKILL MOVES IN !!! (short minute video, won't be long, cheers)
Finally able to start a career mode in the shit show that is
Second bit of ridiculous scripting of the day. Rivals game, through on goal twice, fouled twice neither player sent off....
The updated Napolipictures are not it
So release a nd update in less than a month, which has not improved the game in the slightest. I wo…
Yes yes it's late again ffs. Episode of my RTG series is now live on YouTube! BEAST RED PICKS!! FP RTG (Episode…
Big GG's to with this new layout. Looks sick, and the application is so handy to analyse your Ul…
Accurate 🤣
Which should I focus on?
Ah fuck I’m done for now the games not changed one bit and the whole structure is fucked because everyone is droppi…
Come chill with ya boy jerzi
Anyone got a pro club?
YES! MY TOP REWARDS!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
I played way more games trying to get to div than I did for the icon swaps all because of one DC cause EA wanted…
k CB Futchamps ready
The thing with EA is.. In terms of game development, game maintenance, menu’s structure, etc. They need people tha…
It's not fun man playing people who have relegated themselves on purpose from higher divisions so that they can do…
At last? Haha. Let's see!
Is the patch officially out on console now??
Show me your trade profit guys 🤙
FIFA Version 5 Full Patch Notes (PS4, Xbox One, PC)
Flight ..
what the fuck is this
The day has come. career mode patch has arrived. Will have to maybe start another save... but after watchin…
Why do bugs still exist?
FIFA Career Mode Patch Update Released | Bug Fixes &amp; Improvements Confirmed by EA
If you have already downloaded the new patch and played some games, let me know your thoughts!
Major L AGAIN. 🤣
SQUADS DO NOOB MASTER! 🤣
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
Anyone else got their hands on the new ? I seriously need that game
k Giveaway! (Xbox or Giftcard if PS4) . Retweet . Follow Me . Turn notifications On GoodLuck
They nerfed the best skillmove to breakdown drop back, depth to a point that it's barely unusable. So what can w…
Anyone doing a fifa league or intrested in one?
Tech Avion Sales Profit after Tax: 87
Have k for improvements who should I bring or where can I improve?
okay i have realised that i have been super negative about and it has made me dislike the game. so from now…
Worst scripting of the day. Aduriz out running Wijnaldum, TAA, Pukki, POTM Vela all in the same game whilst…
EA staff ATM
The Bowl of road trips 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Three set to host the FIFA Futsal World Cup Lithuania ™ 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : How to score penalties with the new mechanics – Aiming, Position, Power &amp;amp; Timing 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Update released, improves AI, Goalkeepers and Skill Moves, full patch notes revealed 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Sandiacre Town FC eSports Quality GK and CB wanted. Xbox VPG Championship …
Live on Twitch! Neuen Patch testen
Career Mode Improving Title Update Just Scored from a Corner Today is a good day
FIFA : How to score penalties with the new mechanics - Aiming, Position, Power &amp; Timing - RealSport
ICON SWAP PLAYER REVIEWS | ARE THEY WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK listLYKOYGoO8x8U12d6wXEx55UBjeYAag…
Adidas match ball for EA SPORTS FIFA global series - Outlook India
The latest The Technology Daily!
FIFA20 Update : - Gameplay suddenly becomes fast. Then again goes back to slow paced. - Attackers still tackle l…
How the FIFA Community is still getting leaks for TOTW &amp; Promo’s is beyond me. This has been a problem for a LONG…
Can someone tell me if the game play on career mode is fixed ? No more Fifa shitty game play?
Why are the components taken out of the catologue ???
FIFA Career Mode Series in HINDI! Episode - Not so perfect. Watch: Subscribe for mo…
Athletics from Mane
Is it still an L if I did POTM Lewandowski and packed IF Papu Gomez and IF Bergwin????
Am I the only one who won’t get any Icon Swap player?
This game is a joke
I’ve been robbed!!! Someone please elain to me how this is offside! …
Omar Al Somah
Let's hope this card is as good as it looks! Don't understand people complaining about the price w…
Any suggestions regarding what players to snipe for in FIFA (Xbo for the next two days? Budget-10k …
needs test servers. Imagine how fast changes could be adjusted before patches go to the live game. Im sure…
How many points do you need to get gold or elite in suqad battles? How many points does it normally take?
The new patch hasn't done much for passing
Are you serious about this new patch?! Does no one try it before you release a patch. You are killing the game.…
Another leak going around for totw . No lukaku or Lozano in the totw. First things first: sell those otw befor…
If you pack one of these lads, they're definitely a keeper... Here's the best goalkeepers in
complete list, saves you scrolling through my thread: Kim Shin Wook Maynard Pjanic Wijnaldum Malinovskyi Ka…
This TOTW is trash
Anyone else have It’s more of a real football sim than which feels more arcade like to me
New patch LOOOL
I've read novels shorter than the patch notes for And the plot twist is... Doesn't feel any d…
IS DRIVING US ALL CRAZY
Anybody played on the new patch yet? Thoughts?
Inform McGinn!
Started a SB match (Legendary) with a MLS squad vs an Rated team. Won -1. The MLS icon swap progress would be …
How’s the new patch by the way guys? Good Bad
New FIFA patch any good?
Swear I have to go through the whole frozen isle in Tesco before I actually get to the player I wanna switch to in
Scottish Iniesta 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 If you know then you know!
Patch
OTW promo is and was a massive scam. Refusing to give informs to players who deserve then because people ha…
Made a new career mode because of the update... thought EA might have actually done something... I guess I was wron…
fuck yeah, i got my team
OTW Preview: -21 October
FIFA | Valencia CF vs Ajax | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /12 Full Match &amp; Gameplay …
Hey how do you do? I just released a new Episode of my AS Roma Career Mode with the biggest signing we could possib…
SHOOTING IS BROKEN LOL
Newest vid on cam cane gaming is up !
When they fix the fitness glitch on and all my players are on less than % in game
DAMN "Card type *NOT FOUND*"
Lukaku Lozano Sell your OTW’s before it’s too late!
Gameplay is shit. Patch did nothing but bring back the old camera during goal kicks.
FIFA new patch out on consoles
GET IN PEP % POSSESSION INCOMING LOL
Quick deal!! N22,000 only!
I thought this was the Fifa community coming together against EA. Turns out I’m wrong
Twitter Career Mode : :
Please go click link in bio please run this up to k views I just dropped it last night c'mon y'all…
NOT TOO SHABBY
My dog has a better touch then me on Fifa!
What a finish!!! Never eerred it!
Hi, do you have enough money to pay for some support employees? Or you strategy is making believe peo…
What’s the new patch like?
How does the TOTW get leaked every week?
Icon swaps background image not found ... after update they broke one more thing well done EA
FIFA | Spurs vs Atletico Madrid | Simulation League | Gameweek /11 Full Match &amp; Gameplay …
What on earth has happened. I'm playing squad battles on World Class and it was gone from a walk in the park to so…
First game since the patch some things never change and that goes for the game aswell apart from fitness
The Career Mode Will Get a Much-Needed Update Very Soon - Headlinez Pro
they’ve only gone and fucked it.
How did managed to provide us with not but empty ~ GB patches ?! Literally no fucking difference ... surel…
Ya boy has gone and done a madness in the marquee matchup. 🤟 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
If you want Joao Félix face in fifa for PC and don’t want to start a new save. Use live editor and do this.…
Rate the new Icon Swap card design 🤡🤦‍️
We bought Coutinho yesterday! Can we qualify for FUT Champs today? …
Fifa patch notes 5: all the Career Mode fixes included in title update
When you turn up high to the photo session
To all players. Stop complaining about the game and take a hard look at yourself. % of the players on thi…
How can they release a patch that makes the game worse than before lol, most of the same glitches are still there l…
rubbish gameplay lads thx
EA Sports, the only company in the world to be able to make a game worse through updates.
Top under : Shortlist of best young stars in Europe revealed 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA gets a huge update, fixing Career Mode issues, bugs and more 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
This game is trash
- 🇫🇷 Digne
How are you finding Gameplay since the patch?
FIFA gets a huge update, fixing Career Mode issues, bugs and more - TechRadar
Thanx for the update. But the things you need to fix you don't fix.
Not sure if I should be freaked out by this.
gameplay feels exactly the same after the update. Nothing feels different.. gameplay play slow still, react…
Elmas now confirmed for TOTW5 Let's go
ENJOY🤫
Stream going live
Do not drink caffeine before playing the new patch! Your brain will work several thousand times faster than the gam…
Ask questions about TOTW and I’ll answer as many as I can!
Div , Rank secured I think Hope to make huge profit tomorrow for massive upgrades in defense.
Has career mode been fixed yet?
Investment = coins
Match Day | | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ | ⏰ | :10h
Simple, quick and profitable EA access trading method guides here --&gt;
Already gone into a game forgetting the fitness glitch has been fixed
Juat done a quick test with Villa in Career mode in Fifa to see if teams are still fielding weak line ups. So fa…
Facepacks will start rolling out later today! Gman is the man
Cool as you like!
With the FIFA update now live on consoles not noticed too much difference. Trying different types of passing and…
Yo sell your lozano and Lukaku in the hype. They will drop even if they get in. If they get in and drop too lo…
New on FUT / casual Fifa player, struggle is real anyone kind enough to help out with my formation/ custom tact’s?…
Some of the players who will be in Schmeichel Gundogan Wijnaldum Acuna McGinn Navas Lewandowski Pjanic Kane Soma
EA destroyed Competitive FIFA and leaked Personal Data!!!!! via
Thing with i know im not going to win every game i play i can take losing it's just the bullshit that happe…
Just did one drag back and wow you can see the slower exited speed. tbf though it does look more realistic now imo…
I sell kk fifa coins ps4 and i complete icon swap for €
FIFA Download PC
Custom FIFA Cover ft.
Congratulations you've made a bad game worse, this patch is awful, …
Within a week of launching Launch Party Tournament the event is a SELL OUT! of 's…
I'm LIVE... - Testing the new patch - Icon Objective Grind - TOTW Review at pm - Some football quizzes…
Btw I only post % confirmed players None of this fake bullshit others post
Creating players in is painful. Why have the sliders been slowed down so much?
RIP you may be gone but the important things like lag delay and drop back still remain
INVESTMENT TIPS ITS PAYDAY TIME TO CASH IN ON ANY TOTW INVESTMENT YOU HAVE BOUGHT SOME CARDS HAVE HAD A GOOD RISE I…
Ummm.... What is this?
The MLS POTM dynamic images are probably the best ive seen on I’d actually really like the PL POTM to have…
Can it be made possible not to use tactical defending while playing online games. Not everyone knows how to use it.…
Let’s go. First icon flip. Profit: Trading &gt; Gameplay
How you getting on with the objectives?
Dreaming of taking your gaming career to the next level? Become pro with LDN UTD today! Upload your best gaming con…
I just got
Shadows everywhere…
Bouta Slap Live On Stream - You’re Next
Has the ability to defend been removed from
Remember you have until Friday to enter our competition... Retweet and follow to be in with a chance of wi…
Patch Is Live op PS4
Sooo, the patch made Fifa even worse, didn’t know that was possible but player switching is even worse than befo…
NEW FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY Click my twitter page View my pinned post Follow the simple steps!! x Fifa poin…
Who’s the best player you’ve used so far on Fifa ?
New RTG Episode is live 🤞
is the servers down ?
AI TEAMS picking Stong Teams following the Title Update.
Tekin or Godín🤔? The choice is yours! A brand new Player Pick SBC is available in-game. | | |…
Way to go fixed the fitness glitch. Great to see the passing acting like this... absolutely love it..…
At least we now know the ranking points to finish - rivals &amp; battles hope the updates improve the gameplay too
At work for another hours but the stream is going live at pm CET.
I've played fifa every year, however first time playing ultimate team as never really got into it before. Any tips?
Messi without beard + New hair texture Demo : Download :
New Drag Back from the latest Title Update Touches the ball further away to allow defenders to get a f…
Has anyone played the new patch notes on fifa ps4 yet? Mines downloading now just hoping they have improved the game 🤞
Before patch my gameplay was fine. Now its shitting itself
FIFA TOTW Countdown: FUT Prediction news for Liverpool and Man City players - Daily Star
FIFA best goals * via my first compilation of goals hope you enjoy it
Honestly getting fed up with this game. His rated goalkeeper playing like fooking de gea! Banter game.
First game of the new patch and I have to say I am impressed!!! But, lets reserve judgement till after a full wee…
BIG NAMES SO FAR (Ratings not confirmed)
I really don't understand you people's grouse with the new
Titel-Update : EA Sports fixt endlich den Karrieremodus und Fitness-Glitch …
Gameplay after patch is still shit Player Switching in defense feels even worse than it has been before the „Big…
leaked and again, and you just gotta love it !
Soooo patch is coming tomorrow ?
You can earn £45 an hour teaching kids how to play Fortnite or FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Today in History: Ghana beat Brazil with men to win FIFA U-20 World Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Stream going live in an hour
You know the score by now, live at pm folks The new update is live so this could be a fun one
EA sports FIFA - *Releases a promo with dynamic cards that can upgrade on performance *player has a good game, a…
Yo guys, remember if you invest in in player cards for I'd recommend selling in the hype. In most instances,…
Loving These Rewards That You Actually Have To Play The Game For!! -
FIFA20 why???
Geen CL finale in land van agressor.
Here we go.
FIFA Download PC
FIFA predicts how Liverpool's trip to Old Trafford will go - Read Liverpool
Official ball of EA SPORTS FIFA Global Series launched - Business Standard
Fifa TOTW predictions: players in the running for latest FUT Team of the Week
Well done to the lads last night in a very tight group we progressed to the knockouts on Thursday
Red Gigi please.
Second match in Leicester career mode. Chelsea actually played a very strong team.
Icon trading guide is in the works. I hope to have it out by the weekend, it'll be a long read but I'm going to tr…
New Title Update v1.05 is available for download on consoles Size: PlayStation : GB Xbox One: …
Anyone playing Fifa Ultimate Team the fitness glitch has been patched today.
Watch _ashboss with me on Twitch!
FIFA Starhead Thread 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Leaked Volleys Definitely Iconic for EPL fans watching in that era, but is he an Icon? …
Weekend League matchmaking is based on form instead of division/random etc Who knew....
Reaches million players - Celebrates with Volta Coin Giveaway!
ANOTHER SNIPING FILTER I MADE COINS OFF ONE CARD WHAT TO DO QUALITY GOLD/ POSITION LWB/ MAX BUY NOW SELL AT…
Come to think of it, if the patch is out next week and potentially changes things within the game…
Wonder what EA are playing at regarding OTW cards. They hardly get opportunities to get upgrades as it is and its n…
all this dumb patch did was take away the ability to apply squad fitnesses
5gb update out for Xbox now
update Rip fifa and we are sorry for being too tough with you please come back
Mystery Ball Ghost Goal …
there is one smooth skill move in fifa . EA ‘nerf that shit’ its dead.
MORE Career Mode content RIGHT NOW over at
After several discoveries, incessant and continuous thrashing of , I can say I have changed my mind now.…
Players confirmed in TOTW5: No Lozano, L…
Lozano is not in
Isn't it the same game from the previous years editions !
Yep, is boring defensive football. Park the bus sit deeper than the ocean and defend with people. Standa…
patch on
Fuck me, they finally fixed Career Mode.
Stunning new Card designs now available! Visit to check them out today! Be sure…
Takes after games on the new patch: - Passing is worse than ever - Delay is still fucking horrible - Pos…
is already out of date. Seeing Thomas Cook adverts on the electronic advertising boards in the stadiums.
games i play atm... Fifa needs that new patch asap ! Fortnite is so fun and clean ! Rocket league stranger…
If you've already downloaded the new patch and played some games, let me know your thoughts
million to spend! What two icons would you spend it on?
FIFA simulation featuring Barcelona going up against Inter Milan in UCL group stage.
I love fifa
Fifa20 patch just landed
The latest Frosty Tool version with profile is out!
Now that fitness has been patched, how often will you be applying fitness card to your players?
The 'Ones To Watch' promo is over, but you can still use OTWs to make coins. Our guide --&gt;
Has any1 scored a free kick on yet? No, yh me neither
Fifa has got to be the worse one yet!! Can anyone defend?!
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. Youtube Channel: …
First game of the new update, concedes a rebound goal...
Sell your Mbappe’s lads have done it again, they’ve nerfed pace and AI defending buffed. Rivals is st…
eS-league National league SEASON …
He’s coming... ️🇲🇽
Fitness glitch gone. Such a shame was having great fun jumping into game after game and not having to worry. Now the fun is gone.
The only thing got right this year is the music playlist
game to play if I win I get promotion. I end up getting DC probably the other guy did the no loss glitch cause as…
Imagine having the team on the left and losing to the team on the right after being -0 up.
LAM should be?? Comment if someone else 🤭
Anyone scored a header on ? Nah, me neither
I just hope don't ruin the new upcoming game like how they did with
Players in (not % accurate) 🇳🇱 (only one, propably a midfielder ) 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 🇵🇱 🇲🇽 🇩🇰 🇩🇪
Referees are red card happy on aren't they!?
Career mode out NOW!
So as soon as they flick the switch to they totally forget about , huh?
This is like saying "London is that unsafe I'm seriously considering moving to Syria"
We’re now on Discord. Join our server to get exclusive deals and giveaways!
Joao Felix does not have a Face Scan in the latest Title Update. I fully eect this to be added in an Upco…
Full accounts are LOW ALL available More inf…
Today's Buy Haller otw Buy under k Sell in hype before game Why?: cheap otw, first game Saturday Don't fo…
FIFA gets a huge update, fixing Career Mode issues, bugs and more - TechRadar India
Willl soon give a review of Ultimate team
Wish Lee Din would stop bullying Derek Rae...
Packed pogba so now got this as my team do I keep him or sell him he plays central CAM in game as play the narrow …
How can anoyone solve this???
Who else forgot to put fitness on players? I'm screwed
The icon swaps was horrible. Worst grind of my life. icon swaps in the bank letsgoooo. Can't wait to get my baby Rio in the team!
Eecting Ligue POTM announcement today. This could be a rare chance in FIFA20 for a reasonably priced S…
. The interceptions are useless. U clear the ball goes straight to the opponent and scores. th minute some…
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
I hope movember promo is a thing in , the boosts wasnt the best in Fifa but i liked the card design and…
Outplayed
TITLE UPDATE (PATCH) Now LIVE on Consoles.
Best thing from the update is that you can now see how many division rivals points you need to be a certai…
Finally, Career Mode
still haven’t fixed the fact you can’t be taller than ’2” and I can’t wait to find out whether or not they…
When you want to start a new career mode save but then remember new faces come out in november...
I need som help for improvements on my current squad... I have k in the bank, and I am g…
SNIPING FILTER THIS IS ANOTHER AWESOME METHOD EASY AND QUICK COINS WHAT TO PUT IN QUALITY GOLD/ POSITION LM/ NATION…
update for ocnsoles is now out, REMEMBER, before you go into a game USE FITNESS CARDS NOW!
Goodbye fitness glitch. You'll be missed.
New update is 5GB holy fuck hopefully actually sorts career mode line ups
Going Liiiiiiive shall be playing some Fifa first and then Rocket League after …
We pay more as the years go on but get less in return. Broken career mode and still being allowed to produce it. Sh…
PES20 Pro Evolution Soccer is now available on In Parts. Get free Mod/hack Android ga…
I feel a promo is coming soon! Maybe a UCL promo this Friday running one week with new RTTF cards + UCL SBCs, would be nice!
FIFA .Update out now, fixes for career mode in this one
When you miss a yard sitter on pro clubs
Official match ball of EA SPORTS launched
Servers down again ?
sounds like
No depay in
Server down After Titelupdate ?
If you are looking for a silver player to do the * skill objective and the over pace look no further …
PSA: New update is out on PS4, please remember that the fitness glitch is now patched, don't go running into games like before!
So Ligue POTM sbc or could be objective should drop at some point this week! Who do we want to see win personal…
One of the errors was of a player positioned by the corner flag before kick off!
Official ball of EA SPORTS FIFA Global Series launched - Outlook India
Fitness has been patched...
Get the tunes ready and challenge 's squad in the Featured Squad Battle this week!
Testing out Icon swaps Crespo on !
The moment you realize you need to apply fitness cards again
I honestly think we deserve some free packs. This games clearly fucked. I spent £100 on packs yesterday and…
Morning team &lt;3 The new patch is available for consoles 🤞
The Title Update for PS4 is now available to download!
Title Update available on and
update out. Finally can play career mode. Haven’t managed to complete a season yet so hopefully the update is good
Fifa title update out now
The new Career Mode patch is out NOW on PS4 &amp; Xbox One! Download the latest squad update to have the fa…
Update for FIFA is finally live on PS4!
Foul system this year needs to be fixed.
Distressing after Transport Test 🤦‍️
Servers are soooo lowww, rivals are unplayable ! Zero fun with objectives in rivals ... thats sad as f&amp;k
*NEW* : 5 Released on and
Why () can't just remove fitness from the game? Playing without worrying about it was so nice.
New update out on console.
Is career mode fixed??
It appears that the Xbox/ PlayStation title update is now available More information on what changes are…
The rivals sections of the icon swap challenges are easier than the squad battles ones, don’t me
Flash Squad, some price updates: MED BUDGET: Jorginho Inform🇮🇹(85) - up to 5k Icardi🇦🇷ST - up over k LOW…
it says squad meaning subs too. All my subs r first owned y is this not going up?
When someone’s beating you in fut champs with their only shot on target to your ,watching all replays of everythi…
Origin Premier Games: The Complete List 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Job pay you £45 an hour to teach kids how to play Fortnite Chapter 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
This is how it ended if you open space for Aubameyang POTM.
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
Going to be streaming over on in a couple of minutes! with a fifa point give away at follo…
How does the new game hold up against ? Click below to read... …
I have no words.
First of EA Sports FIFA Global Series match ball - InsideSport
GOOD MORNING! FIFA ROAD TO GLORY Another rip off SBC and let's talk Icon Swaps! …
Who said you can't score headers in ?
FIFA Patch: Title Update - every aspect of gameplay improved, as Career Mode finally gets an update - RealSpo…
Please let this happen I need this in my life he's '7 cb who players as a winger irl …
Personally, I’m digging the music.
Please register.!
Not much love out there for the Schweinsteiger Legacy Card I personally think it’s a beauty, would slot into my te…
NEW PRICE ALERT Build your dream squad from thousands of players and compete in FIFA Ultimate Team, the mos…
Want to make more coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
This week's episode of our sees us take on November! …
Has career mode been fixed?
This guy Just showed up for k and someone bought it straight away!! k overpay??? Why? Still looking for my fi…
Why do my players get booked for every touch in this game
Been playing recently so strayed away from the pubg community went into stream and there…
If you’re not buying fitness cards, what are you doing?!
going live at We have a massive squad battles grind tonight! which allows us to focus on so…
Team is ready for Weekend League, can we beat last week with wins and losses, lets bloody hope so! (If anyone…
Watch 's first EVER game of
Friend can’t access his transferlist on companion app, even though he bought and plays Fifa and is a returning p…
Ep of the rtg is a special one! There is a little celebration of getting over k by doing a DRAFT! so come on w…
Suffer that
Squad battle player tips - MLS vela to CAM and Martinez up top move Rooney to CM. CLS teixera, zahvi and hulk. Put…
️ The Matchdayyyyyy October :10 🆚️ 🆚️ Live s…
Ultimate scream cards in the code! What do you think they will do in this years' Halloween promo? …
On taffe pour pack sir Owen !
Brandon takes out the VGL FIFA Tournament Pelican RSL! …
I think ive narrowed it down to Zanetti or Gerrard for Icon Swap . One because i want the gaffer in my squad and…
They really need to add the feature to build drafts in the companion app.
When career mode is finally fixed do I need to make a new save or will it fix my current one? …
Morning fellas! What formations are you enjoying so far on and is there any particular ones you'd like a formation video on?!
Iv put tokens in Carlos who should I use the rest on?
Was absolutely schooled at today... Sorry Lenny... in the process I did learn that the ‘speed-boost’ is my…
Turkey and France Is the only difference between being Turkish.
FIFA : All the smallest players to sign - RealSport101
fifa20 gameplay ManCity vs Man UTD XBONE HD …
EA FIFA Global Series: adidas launches official match ball - InsideSport
Adidas Official Match Ball for the EA SPORTS™ FIFA Global Series 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PES Players with Massive Ratings 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Adidas and EA launch Official Match Ball For EA Sports FIFA Global Series eWorld Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
MATCHDAY! |Campionato ª Giornata | Serie B 🆚| ⏰|22.45 Live on: ️:…
LIVE NOW First stream back after ! Playing tonight. I am sick as a dog but we will see how I go ton…
Sold Rash k And Theo k Profit after tax ~ k *Forgot to Screenshot*
The Ghost Goal!!! How can this happen EA Sports …
Where were you on this day …
Adidas Official Match Ball for the EA SPORTS™ FIFA Global Series - BW Businessworld
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Road To - First Owners Team Series Episode …
We are LIVE on ! - Icon Swaps - Patch Discussion - WL Team Prep Get involved! …
Flash Squad, here are my investments: MED BUDGET: Jorginho Inform🇮🇹(85) - under k Icardi🇦🇷ST - under k LOW BUD…
The goal that ended former goalkeeper David Seamen's career
INVESTMENT TIPS DENDOCKER STILL IS AT DISCARD I AM STILL FANCYING HE WILL RISE IN PRICE ON ULTIMATE SCREAM…
️ The Matchdayyyyyy October :45 🆚️ 🆚️ Live strea…
FIFA - Here is our player review for End of an Era Bastian Schweinsteiger! …
FIFA - Here is our player review for Player of the Month Carlos Vela! …
Wijnaldum’s IF card is going to be ridiculous.
FIFA - Here is our player review for Player of the Month Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang! …
The more I play , the more I realise how terrible it is. Especially the career mode. Also, headers are appar…
Everyone trying to do their challenges in Rivals last night and I’m using my God squad
Have k how to improve
Adidas and EA launch Official Match Ball For EA Sports FIFA Global Series eWorld Cup - IGN India
From Tuesday th October I'll be starting my Career Mode with !
Going to Media City today in Manchester and I’ve finished college for the week, Streams will be happening more of…
OFFICIAL WAITING ROOM IS NOW OPEN!
Nice k+ there
Also selling a m account ps4
Great career mode pro player won’t let me fake shot nor use skills fucking joke of a game want q refund on that shit
Can't wait to see at pm UK Time thanks to all the leeks.
Remember guys have nothing wrong in . That pass wasnt their fault with delay your aim and deci…
Done 🤙
Mbappe k very tempted to sell him
Can go into a blackhole and come back better?
where is the adelet ?!!!
FIFA Download PC
Are you sure you're not playing here?
Wow this has all over it right now.. exactly the same eeriences
After all that
Will be attempting the PL icon swaps challenge on rivals in a little while. Haven't touched rivals this week so don…
If you haven't pulled the trigger on yet, here's five reasons why you should consider it.…
FIFA graphics, gameplay a step down compared to previous editions of franchise 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I have Ederson who I’ve used for nearly games but I packed De Gea from my squad battles rewards. Which one do I…
Kerala Qualifiers Done and Dusted. …
This game makes me wanna die i swear to god
The Career Mode Will Get a Much-Needed Update Very Soon - PlayStation LifeStyle
New FIFA patch is on it's way...
FIFA graphics, gameplay a step down compared to previous editions of franchise - La Voz Weekly
TRADING METHOD THIS IS A BID METHOD REALLY EASY SUCH AN OP METHOD ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS FIND A PLAYER FOR AROUND .…
Get your hands on our Green Old School Football Print, Perfect for Framing and Hanging at Home. Only £4 including d…
Anyone know how to change your squad name on ? Mine is set at fucking Leeds Athletic and coupled with me bei…
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Fifa Title Update brings some huge changes - Future Game Releases
FIFA Career Mode (Hindi) Episode : Not so perfect! Watch: Like. Share. Subscribe.…
Just packed Ronaldo in a k draft pack for losing in the final, haven’t packed him since fifa 🤯🤯…
Jobs done boys. Back to the clubhouse.
Worlds best dad 🥰 thanks dad. Can’t wait to play you later.
Tempted to reinstall fifa19, fifa is driving me mental. Can't tackle can't pass, silver players strolling pass …
Sunil Chhetri also got numerous chances to make a mark in the match but they failed miserably!! Check out the fu…
What a stream!! Won Back to back TO BACK drafts!! Absolutely love the gameplay on drafts, shame every other game mo…
Live again on the PS4 "RTG" // Building the Squad before heading into Rivals. -&gt;
He's HEREEEEE!!!!
Squad battles is the most infuriating game mode... more across the box passes than champs and rivals combined...
updated and career mode is still messed up I’m hearing
Why are all SBC’s so eensive this year? I would suggest people keep themselves liquid as long as possible and not…
. unveils official match ball for Global Series …
INVESTMENT TIPS TODAY IS TIME TO SHIFT THEM TOTW INVESTMENT YOU WILL WONT TO SELL THEM AT PM BEFORE EA ANNOUNC…
My favorite player so far in
Good morning I will be streaming at around :30 this morning, loads of gameplay because I need to get out of thi…
Good morning! Got an early shift at work today, so wont be on much before pm, but hope you wll have a good morning…
. “Unable to retrieve Kick Off data. Try again!” is a consistent issue on . Any idea w…
Arsenal fans when a new signing chooses to hoof the ball forward rather than playing cheeky -2’s …
CANNOT LOSE FOCUS NOW! (MK DONS CAREER) | FIFA (XBOX ONE) | | via …
So last chance to get some of them️️️️
The Goal that never was
Goalkeeping in
When you know is broken
It's time to officially announce Your sh*t at fifa
David Luiz might NOT be a DF.
Fifa just got fun... 🤣️
Wow can sell both mine!
WHAT!?! Coach i was at Practice!!
snatch a -1 draw with in the World Cup qualifiers on Tuesday . …
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week reveal, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week reveal, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week reveal, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team …
LIVE!! Playing some more grinding Rivals, improving the team. Link is in the bio!!
The challenge is on! Battle 's squad in the Featured Squad Battle this week!
Ask anyone who would reach the Champions League semi-finals and you’ll find that the usual suspects making the…
GOAT
Hugo, here we come! down, to go!
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Objectives (Serie A) Reward via
Just won the final in a draft! Hopefully I get something nice!!
Oh what a night! CANMNT with a big Concacaf Nations League win over 🇨🇦🇺🇸 …
The goat all FUT champs and rivals
Another fantastic stream! Great vibes and I loved me being able to share tips on various things with the community…
Icon Swaps? Completed it mate.
Ultimate pace abuser Aubameyang at CAM All the pace in the world couldn't stop him from getting dominated 🤡🥊…
GFA six-month ban to player for referee assault 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Traded in my Fifa20 for Pes2020. Fifa have let us down.
Unbelievable Not penalty 🤪 Offside
Fun stream guys! Appreciate you guys stopping by. Ended it by getting this GOAT. He will be my sub for the upcomin…
sell otw now
Tomorrow, October , am MST (5pm GMT), Episode of the will be PREMIERED! Get you…
Still working mass bid method easy k plus an hour …
Man these patch makes the game feel like absolute molasses.
First game and win in , love when a counter lob works out! …
Completed all these today in roughly -7 hours. Most boring time of my life but step closer to Roberto Carlos …
Probs the best squad I have for prem can you guess which are first owned? 🤔
Just gonna leave this here._.
people away from reaching my goal of followers! It’s been a crazy three weeks as a completely new . E…
Feeling the dark mode
squads with ovr is a bit overpriced for ovr player. He won’t even have good links with other players due t…
Someone tell me why EA love to release content from the MLS, pretty sure there has been more MLS SBCs than any othe…
MLS playoff bracket …
with live on
down more to do for icon swaps
down more to do for icon swaps
down more to do for icon swaps
Have to take advantage of the fitness glitch before the patch it’s going to be a long night
Road to a. Camino a a. (FIFA ) live at
Going Live in mins tune in as we grind to qualify the PMRTG into weekend league and updates on the ICON tokens on…
Opened OTW pack on fifa ....got Harry Maguire
Desde Apoya a Fuming Pongo a llegar a a. Support Fuming Pongo reach …
Lovely build up play
A little thought ️
Crack
Nice
really thinking about quiting playing thanx you game is trashhh
Ex-Rangers Gilmour details whirlwind build-up to Chelsea debut 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Scotland and Chelsea&amp; Billy Gilmour &amp;;ahead of plan&amp;; but remains rooted in reality 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
What an amazing stream! ️ massive shoutout to for coming in with my nd ever Sub! 🥰 and the new loyalty…
Who are the winners since – and what happened to them?
WE BACK!!! LIVE!!!!
Thumbnail - Aubameyang POTM Feedback is highly appreciated! Orders DM / Pedidos MD Portfolio:…
FIFA is a really really really bad game 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Game Award: FIFA (again) on an absolutely successful... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Is it just me or is there a lack of promo packs so far?
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
Talk about a glo up, !
Just saying if you have enough money and you feel generous ; buy me digital version, I sold em after my who…
has the worst bullshit scripting i've ever seen in a video game ever. go to bed
Saw ,000 coin profit opportunity and took it. Best CB (on par with Virgil). Weekend league won't be the same with…
Check out
NEW EPISODE OF RTG !!! NEW TEAM REVEALING !!! …
When you’re k overpriced but you want to stick to your Mission MLS series.
I’m selling all my on
Clearly this “system” isn’t working. Change the tactics or change the players but some fucking change has to happen…
Go and check out my latest FIFA video which shows good ways to make coins and trade on…
First fireplace with the wife and kobe at the new place. So peaceful and relaxing, just like Fut Champs on
What a fuckin free kick
The squad for this weekends
When you have been sent off in Pro Clubs
I’ve been told I should get Pep for my icon as well as Ferdinand. Does that sound good?
This game is just. so. boring.
My Team until now
Editing the video as we speak, hope to have it out by Saturday
Going to bed work tomorrow at a.m. still streaming at a.m until a.m ET got it practice for WL and make it to…
Women clubs, career, when?
The legend!
Ok I’ve got all the icon swaps who do I go for?
Our beloved Teesside are looking for a back up st as ours is away till next Tuesday and rb/lb/cb eerience Is esse…
Is it even possible to score with a header on Fifa 🤨🤯
Anyone know why 'Ultimate' difficulty is available in career mode but not in Kick off?
Now for the fucking squad battle ones
FIFA Mac Crack with Serial Number Key Keygen License 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
on : ANOTHER HUGE SQUAD UPGRADE! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team
Finally bought Anyone want to play online add me
Scripting at its finest This dude is overalls higher, yet I get more great chances 🤷‍️ Thanks …
I'm heavily sleep deprived, memory is shot, body feels weak, and I'm kind of sick BUT....I need those Icon swap car…
Woow when I remember that only weeks ago we were in front of our screens waiting for “BEST FIFA EVER”! …
Might shorten my FUT Champ YouTube videos to only show post game highlights instead of ingame highlights to narrow…
Holy cow just unlocked the Gold Weekly Objectives for this week in and wow I’m not trying to use these silvers 🤢
When you miss out a zero FML🥴
I wish people at EA knew how frustrating it is to do these first owner challenges when you’re in Div /2, coming up…
ctrl-C ctrl-V and still manage to make it worse than
we back live after some technical difficulties.... But this Serie A Squad is killing it on Rivals atm. Icon Swap…
Training cards in Rivals ? Wow
completed every objective without dropping to a lower division, League was a real struggle though. it was definit…
Light work
Playing squad battles on world class is like watching paint dry and then your house catches fire
Is there anyone who doesn’t play with Barcelona on I sweat I’ve played these bums like straight times with PSG
FFS EA. k on xbox for a rated UNTRADABLE MLS mid. You guys are funny …
I will score on
Questions and Answers, PES , FIFA and much more in today&amp; lives 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
EA when people tweet them clips of their shit game.
Is selling Griezmann at k gonna be the best I can get or will he go up on Thursday? Might just get Pogba to swit…
DAWG POUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS. NEW SERIE A SQUAD …
If you score on someone in Ultimate Team, and make them watch the whole celebration and replay, you're toxic as fuck.
This guy DEFINITELY went to Spain with to be on &amp; didn’t make it through the audition 🤣🤣
Is something wrong with fifa or is it just me? weeks in and I’m already bored. I played fifa /18/19 all year…
People out here still won't get PES tho
It’s official this is the last year I’m buying
We are LIVE! Finishing icon swaps and New weekend league Team Thank you for followers still cant believe it…
Bought him purely for some pace and he smashed online games for me. /12 icon swaps done and only hours a day.…
All the sbcs for FUT in so far has been underwhelming and poor .
Good luck to our client in tonight’s NA Cup!
&amp;quot;FIFA &amp;quot;: These are the best German non-national players 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FUT : three unbeatable templates for coins for FIFA Ultimate Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Staff Cards Guide 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Today I... Scored from a corner on 🥳. Mission Impossible? Complete. Couldn’t have been a better player eith…
What do you think led to add me as a friend, find out only on my YouTube Assault Kenny️ …
PACK OPENING
with witsel or insigne ??
Freekick tutorial
After this career mode patch, I’m going to be starting a new career mode. Vote in the poll to decide which team to…
SNIPING FILTER HERES WHAT TO DO QUALITY GOLD/ LEAGUE BUNDESLIGA/TEAM DOURTMUND/ BUY NOW MAX SELL FOR REALLY…
BACK AT IT HARD RTG GRIND TOKENS IS REAL!! Some one save me before i go crazy !!…
its for you
If you are having issues with your account on your PS4, please sign in to the website and from the website reset yo…
Despite losing interest over the last years I decided today I would buy and after only really having inte…
FIFA Title Update 's patch notes are now live and kicking
Really fun stream tonight grinding towards those Icon Swaps, will be back tomorrow pm where we tackle the Ligue …
Late stream start tonight! Live on for a short stream at PM EST! Playing ️
I have Mil coins and have no idea what to do with it
where are they!!!!!!!!!?
FIFA Gaming tournament around UNILAG on first of December. …
The -85 stock up a few days ago pays off, already up about -20% on k+ of investments. I know it's small but…
i understand dat i won -1 on legendary but surely should b rewarding me for trying to get better at…
players i need your help! Im having a hard time deciding what to get for icon swaps. Planning on finishing all of the swaps.
I just got scammed for k still selling k pls someone buy it low prices I swear it's legit pls dm me
Need your help Fifa Community!!! Just qualified for FUT Champs ~ I need help/tips!! PLEASE ANYONE? This…
Love how when you win the league, you get the gold Premier League arm badges.
demo is everything! I need to purchase this as soon as I find it for a lower price!
Welcome Roberto Carlos
I’ve said it before &amp; I’ll say it again.... ’s are the new ’s.
Please buy
Weekend League ready.
FIFA ICON SWAPS GRIND!!!!!!!!!! !giveaway !sub - ICON SWAP GRIND
low key gay af
The Xbox One Deals October : Games, Consoles, And Accessories 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : All the smallest player to sign 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : All the smallest player to sign - RealSport
Thanks to , is dead, takes me mins to find a game hahahaaaa
Shows how crap I am at Fifa Gary Madine just scored a hat trick against me
Had a great weekend. Now Im ready to get back to the grind on Fifa Ultimate Team. Stream starts at :00 pm. See you…
Join us on this journey to be king of Pro Clubs! Ranked th Overall (XBO We are aiming for that top spot and we…
Thank you for making me break my th controller and deleting your scripted mother fucking game …
If you haven’t already, head over to my YouTube Channel and check out my PES and FIFA content! Don’t forget to lea…
is absolutely awful, like garbage. Really disappointed in EA for this one
if had a Card! RIP to a true legend!
the account GIVEAWAY will be done th November all followers are entered im hoping to build a good amount of coins…
Neymar is TOOOOOOOOO nice. Buddy sat like that for a while, he was shook.
Ep.2 of packs glory is out now! Like and subscribe while you’re there too! so…
Profit after tax: k In only two hours!
New Legacy Schweinsteiger card out! Looks pretty good! …
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £20/20$/20€ Order through DM for steps.…
Anybody know division rank s points? And is k enough?
I’ve had a great time grinding the icon objectives this evening. Enjoyed mixing the squads up, trying some new card…
Why you NEVER use min bids with a min bin: People will be lazy and list a card for min bin thinking it can’t be u…
If I only played football games online this'd go down as one of the worst years for me. : Every pl…
k + a few useable untradeables and about k earnt back in packs, well worth it
finally!!!
FIFA Career Mode Episode | vs Southampton F.C. (The Saints) via …
Me after playing games of squad battles...
TOTW: Adams Football - WANE
I wanna sell Fifa coins €10 per k. Have k in stock on PC(Origin). Only PayPal - DM pls …
My new squad. I am VERY happy with it!
I wanna sell Fifa coins €10 per k. Have k in stock on PC(Origin). Only PayPal - DM pls …
We're making progress!
WE MOVE!!
Well i guess i could start a bit early
I’ve played games so far in and I have yet to score off a corner kick. 🤦‍️🤦‍️🤦‍️🤦‍️
SUMMARY | | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | | -0 | -0 | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ | …
Fifa is just fucking awful. Seriously it’s the worse one. I’ve made challenges and of them have been yellow…
Thank you to all following me hope u are making lots of coins off the methods i released daily as a thank you to al…
will you ever fix the ratings out of position bug it would appear to be wingers that now…
:00PM EDT GLOBAL | v1 | | Head To Head | nD JOIN NOW &gt; JOI…
I need to start grinding for those Icon swap token players but I hardly have any first owner players in my club
New best goal while im trying to get the fut swap card
Opened FUT SBC reward pack on phone thinking I’ll get nothing good as per usual🤦‍️ ... Thoughts …
Anyone any idea when the player career mode bug in where the skill moves gets resets to zero, will actually…
Am I the only one who thinks the hype about the Ultimate Scream promo is far lesser than the previous years? Let's…
hi FIFA fans. this video is from replay. i like the…
It's the end of a busy day and I'm forced to watch my husband choose a new goal celebration. Dance …
FINALLY THE GOLD UPGRADE PAYS OFF AGAIN!!!!! THANK YOU LORD!!!!!!!!! OMG!!!!!
This is FIFA at its best. How is this offside
Can tell me why Akanji (187 cm,91 kg,84 str) loss fight with Vardy (179,74,64)?
Little bit of Career Mode to finish the night!
Barcelona sensation Ansu Fati makes Spain U-21 debut 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
First Of Footage From k&amp; Upcoming WWE k20 Shows That Its Graphics Are A Serious ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Yoooo LMAO tried the patch on PC and they are really just trying to dumb the game down to a point anyone ca…
I sell kk fifa coins ps4 and i complete icon swap for €
Your chance to win a copy of signed by Youri Tielemans!
ICYMI: hit million players! To celebrate, claim your VOLTA footy coins. Details here:…
Let's start here
Pls tell me the fifa update will fuck off all the shite I’ve been having with the game recently
I’d rather suck discharge through a straw than play right now.
Won my last five.....FIVE games on WTF!!!
This sums up my eerience so far, lost the game to this too
Perfect update today for that's what i like of, we say you deliver a solution perhaps on next gen we will s…
The beast that is lands on my team million coins Chelsea legend
Int'l break boring you? Enojoy some goals from last week courtesy of IFC
[ENG] First Owner Pain Train! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
Feeling like crap but I miss you guys!!!! …
My last premium or prime pack opening have yielded a max card of . Cheers Fifa. Poor pack weights. That’s why no…
LIVE IN MINUTES grinding the first owner OBJs!
We are Live!! FIFA Single Player Icon Swap Objectives, Pro Clubs with the Tactics Community &amp; V…
WE ARE LIVE!! Get yourself in here and chill while we grind the ranks in Division Rivals! took a beating during…
Made the mistake of doing a draft. Never again. I win % of my games on legendary usually. I get to the final…
Just scored from a corner on , it’s a miracle!
Five sitters. Zero goals. Some things never change
Wow fix the fucking servers you thriving scumbags I seriously eect you to buy me a new controller …
Hi . I’m currently playing and you seemed to have magically turned up mid game on the pitch and the…
First icon flip this year bought for sold for profit after tax around k.. not much but the most important…
If I hear more YouTuber say “Carlos Veya” I’m flying to the 🇬🇧
PC is the only was to play FIFA
Rival Objectives
These objectives this week are a killer but must admit wouldn't be able to do the MLS one without Vela his left foot is
Martial FC
What else do I need to do???
How does everyone change cursor? Button on Analog? For me I try LB doesn’t work I flick analog and it goes to some…
Ps4 Special Buy James Rodriguez Buy under coins Sell about coins Why?: FUTBIN has not updated the pri…
Selling FUT Fifa Coins. k = £12 only Only PayPal DM if interested
Agueroooooooo [Disclaimer: I know it's SBs]
Retweets and I'll keep the Tache.
Bet you thought it wouldn't happen Double upload..kinda …
The Xbox MLS challenge tourney will be starting in mins. Only spots left, free entry!! Watch live…
This dude reached FIFA Master by spamming crosses and this is what happens when you finally meet someone that knows…
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY - THE BEST STRIKER IN THE EPL???- ULTI... via
players I’m going to be doing is pep and Carlos, seems like the best icons to get, But than I’m left with i…
Defensive Meta: . See guy with ball . Smash into guy with ball never actually hitting tackle
Question: I’m thinking of selling gold Hazard and Bale then picking up OTW Hazard to get myself covered. (I’d buy B…
Here are some of the investments i recommend this week some cards have gone up double n triple the price you have p…
What are the points tally’s to move up divisions in ?
absolutely wank. Wtf. Waste of quid. It's so shit it's untrue.
I'm still live! Now just follower away from followers! Come and chill out with some FIFA Trading, Icon fli…
IF: Willian Jose k —&gt; k Aaron Cresswell k &gt; 5k Mitrita k —&gt; k Ruben Blanco k —&gt; k…
ICON SWAP OBJECTIVES: out of completed I have hit a wall with this Serie A squad stuck on of rivals wins…
Only good thing about this shitty wank game is pro clubs
Just gimme the United job.
GOLD in the FUT CHAMPIONS - MARTINEZ AND VELA TO THE SQUAD - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM …
The team
.'s Romarinho likes scoring in not just in the
/12 Icon Swaps completed. While these can be super frustrating we're making good progress . Drogba here we come!
Seem to have got over k rivals score doing the stupid icon swap challenges and champs haha woops haha that’s a lo…
⏰🥁Guys, here we are!🥁⏰ The App will arrive later this month, we are looking for Beta Testers! ️ Write us a p…
I know a game will never be % perfect.... But I look at the and don't understand how this game made…
FIFA point giveaway, winner picked Friday, DONT MISS OUT
Yooooo! I’m live! Drop in
Setup is complete for now, is there anything I’m missing? Show me your setup down below ⤵️ Going live in mins…
Any YouTubers wanna do a collab? Just Dm me
Match de championnat PC Ligue 🆚Symphony ⃣ …
We are LIVE!!!! - RTG Icon Swaps - Patch Note Discussion - FIFA Chill Out Room Come and get involved!…
Question: did EA not eect people to relegate for easy objectives? I just got knocked down to and it seems impos…
If you haven't already sold your khedira's.... Do it now!! 🥳🥳🥳 Don't forget to post a pic and tag me in your tr…
Thanks Microsoft Xbox Store for the free Demo. it's amazing how EA improved the game play compared to FIFA1…
Gameplay feels so shit today
What rating should teenage sensation Daniel James󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 get this winter️in FIFA 🤷‍️?!! A …
Exciting days about to finish. Let's grow.
Fifa seasons is so fucking scripted man it’s unreal, I have shots get goals, he has shots scored . And that…
INVESTMENT TIP Chelsea vs Newcastle This Saturday joelinton n pulisic have OTW cards both at a good safe investme…
If you have a few mins, check out the Liverpool career mode I've got going! Daily uploads, good vibes 🤙 …
The new is pretty tidy.
Im dreadful at this game so infuriating at times rebound city ffs
ROAD TO GLORY UPDATE AND RIVALS GAMEPLAY via
So will get an inform for his hat trick tonight?
CAREER MODE HIDDEN GEM! Panagiotis Retsos -&gt;85 Age: CB/RB/LB * SM/3* WF Value: €10M W…
ouch
Thoughts?
It pisses me off so much from people complaining about Fifa , saying EA sold us a broken game and the list goes o…
Update: patch has some bugs in it and won’t be released on console until the nd sorry guys.
Rage Quit so hard he broke the game! hahaha
Finally, the I’ve wanted! …
Starting to get into Ultimate Team.
Go and watch my latest video to find out how easy it is to make coins on the web app and c…
I wish there was some way to test the icons, maybe just a choice of only for friendlies to get a sense…
I produce absolute magic with the Ox on fifa and he aint even my highest rated player
Anyone else got a high rated Mbappe on career mode? Like /99 rating?
Live playing some as I take suggestions on who my team should be when the new update goes live. Tune…
I just scored a rd minute winner (a header in fact) on SB to secure my fifth win with my MLS team for the Iconswa…
First episode of is ooooouuuttt. is overall at the jump off point, rather than , du…
This is one of my favourite methods its a sniping filter for the best non rare gold cards i missed garay for co…
Absolute disgrace that we have to put up with this gameplay.
The th example I’ve seen today of a trader buying an icon to flip then realizing it was a crappy price and either…
Big bad man Joelinton streaming ultimate team, let’s go!
Silky stuff
Episode is out. Please help me view and subscribe. Don’t forget to like. And drop a comme…
Wtf happened to the game???? Started with full Fitness on every and they were sooooo slow the whole game and coul…
FIFA Download PC
Another defeats tonight in Rivals. Struggling for a win. May need to invest in the squad a bit.
Check out our YouTube video on Thursday for cracking Fifa fut champions rewards.
WE ARE LIVE - New streaming setup - New patch ( thnkyou lord ) - Icon swap challenges…
Going to be streaming over on tomorrow around am with a fifa point give away at followers…
ICH BIN LIVE! Twitch:
Fix the flipping headers
Get the tunes ready and challenge 's squad in the Featured Squad Battle this week on ! …
This applies for I’m killing this game
Today's trade Aurier Risk - low Price - , max ps4 &amp; xbox Sell type - Flip / hold until Thursday after r…
Weekend league here I come
The nTice fifa team have just started off the season on VPG with wins and draw and only conceding goals. Grea…
[NEW VIDEOS] THE END | FIFA SOUTHAMPTON CAREER MODE Watch Here: Like, Sh…
If I tell you that I turned off my /1000 mbps and used wireless and had very good gameplay would u believe me?…
FIFA Download PC
Career mode broke.
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY FOR K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
You have Icon Swaps Tokens, who do you pick? To find out all the info on all icons check out the reviews on th…
I am followers away from on Twitch! Currently streaming FIFA ! I am trading, flipping icons &amp; generally dis…
Objectives for these icon tokens should be accessible in Full Chemistry friendlies
Thursday pm we doing packs opening on on the stream !! Pls tune in and thanks for the support !!
ummm I'm playing against ultimate AI on squad battles grinding towards top and their goalie is taking corners…
Still selling coins Dm me If you’re interested £1 Per K up to K £10 Per K
Who wants to make easy coins on ?
Fixture one... Colmaw1287 v Jobi Juan A tough start for mighty against but h…
News on career mode says my Pro was called to represent Brazil on the South America Cup, but none of the games show…
I don’t want to sweat out too much so who should I get for icon swaps?
Thats some painful objective to complete... its done tho... only have to wait weeks till release the rest of toke…
BPM Paying Out!
I paid €89,-for I just want to enjoy it but the lag in online play is just horrible. game I plaid just p…
I am to excited for the new ... I just need a man to pattern this game for me abeg keep the same ene…
Need a draw or better to go up and i start the nd half -0 down... mission accepted
Selling Fifa Coins k = £12 only Only PayPal DM if interested
:00PM EDT - REGISTRATION OPEN NOW!! 🤑$75 CASH PRIZE POOL🤑 GLOBAL | v1 | ENTRY | | Head To Head…
Should have been but.... the keeper
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
FIFA community in a nutshell.
I'm already so bored with players on FUT, doesn't matter what team you make the delay ruins every player . Just sc…
I am live with some trading &amp; hopefully some icon flips! FIFA trading mainly!
down
Nice goal
Why did you guys fuck over the Hugo Sanchez cards so bad with * * and composure …
check out the dark mode glitch
Hate when pussy’s quit in you in Fifa
ICON SWAP KLUIVERT REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
So Overpriced it's not even funny.... Imagine spending k on this Untradable Card....75k-100k would be reasonabl…
:00PM EDT - REGISTRATION OPEN NOW!! 🤑$75 CASH PRIZE POOL🤑 GLOBAL | v1 | ENTRY | | Head To Head…
We have chosen our discussion winner--please check your Qutee PMs to see if you're the lucky winner…
GOT A NEW SNIPING LIST HERE FOR YOU IT HAS TAKEN ALONG TIME TO SORT THIS AND I HAVE OTHER METHOD COMING OUT TONIGHT…
Also what has my opponents keeper done
The Night is still young
FIFA update makes Legendary difficulty more challenging, adjusts skill moves 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
the game pre patch is better imo
Another one done, took me games and Mollet was the hero!
PATCH-Player switch is the worst I've played in any multiplayer game. Slow defenders can still catch up to…
FORMATION - CUSTOM TACTICS &amp; INSTRUCTIONS FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM!🤫 NEW VIDEO IS OUT, EVERYONE GO SHOW…
Safe to say this lad didn't take losing very well... FYI there was no own goal and he sent the first massage after…
ICYMI: I uploaded a video which is useful if you want to trade whilst away from home! You…
Done it. icon swaps.
is pure garbage in its present state …
WHAT.A.GOAL Check out my twitch ⏩⏩ ⏪⏪🤞 . . . . . . . . …
new video ladies and gentlemen …
Good read this!
Still no new Squads update so... Title Update - Updated and New D Heads ~ Upload in progress...
I think I'm the only person without a premier league squad in ulitimate team.
SELL EVERYTHING A beast of a card and really needs CM/CDM’s
Still lost though because this game is ass.
New Patch is crazy,no tackle works, no pass works, lost games -0 hitting the post like,the fake shot ski…
Has anyone scored a header from a corner yet on ? 🥴
Who needs Icons when you try to go for Gold week and realize you own Antonio Di Gaudio, the italian Messi?…
FUT CHAMPIONS WAR!!! shit got crazy, go watch it!
MY FAV UNDER K BEAST CARD!! *CHEAP BEAST* I love this card hope he helps you guys out in fifa... who i…
BOXING vLog - my journey continues, slow progress. -Sanyazgetfit via …
Dear , This is Giorgio Chiellini. Giorgio is one of the best defenders in the world. Please elain t…
Typical fifa goal
Man this was sweaty as fuck
k Likes. Give the people what they want!
Officially the worst player I played with, forced by this first owner objective, Sergei Milinkovic-Savic. Horrible…
Read this pls I agree! And for me this game has so much potential this season, so please everyone keep p…
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!?! Been like this all day?!?! The transfer market is a lag fest!!! …
legend El Tractor for . Pros: Top RB, Crossing, runs until TOTS Cons: Can on…
As i posted my schedule before im starting my stream today at am UK time may be :30am. Starting with some…
When want you to get multiple rated teams to complete an SBC challenge and your just about managin…
is now available who have purchased early access for it. Full game will be released this Friday th How m…
I don’t know who I want to get in icon swaps??? Help!!!
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! CHEAP HYBRID LEAGUES SBC - FIFA Ultimate Team via
Working on a Rodger Milla panini sticker style. …
Absolutely hate the title update, everything feels like a sluggish mess. Remember the switch from Fifa13 to Fifa ? It's like that
Wtf is this
Did they really ? Only one way to find out. Newport County Road to Glory starts once again!
Every squad I used was rated... but had either a silver or bronze player...🤦‍️
patch better help with shooting. I’m tired of my players trying to remember what they had for breakfast in…
We have a go at ea when they fuck up but lets give credit where its due...They FINALLY patched kick off GG
Are you SERIOUS?!
Love that they’ve finally started making some changes on career mode…
Your selling us the same shit again. its unplayable, the lag is horrible. The drop back has more than ruine…
Anyone else struggling to connect to servers?
Champions league final on fifa20 vs …
My player on fifa when I try to do a skill move
Another example of better than generic on Cristian Ansaldi🇦🇷 )Elain to me why don't you…
Marquee Matchups Prediction Here’s my Prediction Already picked up Manchester United players…
WE ARE LIVE!! We are back after the sickness bug!! grinding, objectives and decision!…
Just out of curiosity, how many more content creators, casuals, and pros, have to comment on the horrendous servers…
I am now LIVE!! Plan for the stream includes: Icon Trading Trading tips for all budgets Squad reviews Shoul…
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: Greggo's live with some mid wee…
Simple, quick and profitable EA access trading method guides here --&gt;
Go on then who’s gonna tell me what’s the big fucking deal with people playing -4-2 this fifa whys it so fucking good nowadays
futdraft!!!
Got picked for England squad in player career mode.. ea sort it out look at that team?!
Nice little pull on puzzle master sbc
SELLING Mill FIFA coins Xbox!!!! For £60 Xbox Giftcard!!!! DM!
Who do you think will win? or ?
Zucker
Arena Clash️ MON TUE WED THUR FRI For Clash Streams…
Our thoughts on so far. -
it’s driving me insane how everyone i seem to play against now just passed around the back aimlessly and wasting ti…
When reading the first part of the PitchNotes, I legit felt like I was reading a parody of some sort. Impro…
:17 Mrs is tired, the boys rubbing his eyes..... Could this be the opening sports fans have craved during the wee…
Drop and watch this guy playing some Blackout then possibly switching over to some Fifa as he makes…
Be going LIVE with a stream at :00pm We’ve completed the iconswap grind so now it’s time to start climbing the…
Get the tunes ready and challenge 's squad in the Featured Squad Battle this week!
I heard is fixed, but you never know, dont you?
Fifa20 is a lot of fun but it keeps auto switching my striker and right middle
Me trying to wake myself up after going -5 in WL.
What about this one for
Two games in rivals. Unplayable due to speed up lag. Can I get a refund it’s only a small company eh
Player: Scores in a -0 win EA:
Just in some drop in games as none of my club are online.. Just played two masterclasses back to back. I feel I'm…
EA Servers down again?
Apart from Virgil, who’s the most OP big CB on ???
ladies and gentleman
Hello and Did you hear about ?
Purposely TURKEY Always TURKEY Everywhere TURKEY …
My favourite goal from weekend league just gone. Send me clips of your bangers! ️ …
Who ya got, Basti or Vela? We Live!
Ansu fati at gets nominated for golden boy awards Me at :
Pro Clubs! Come get involved
Do I? I’ll attach what we’d be looking at in game!
Or more like..."Your player quit the game because they were losing"
I have uploaded a brand new FIFA trading video! This video shows really effective met…
How many Rivals points do I need to secure rank ?
Omg If want to see movies and animations over and over again, I won't buy a game. I see a movie! Jesus!!!
People who rage quit on fifa make me laugh
career mode is still fucked. Well done lads
or really don’t know what to choose. This survey will make me to decide . Please help !
Still trash
If you watch replays on Fifa you are a nonce
Before commenting on Turkey’s Operation in Syria, make sure you are not misguided with disinformation, make sure yo…
Who loves a girl that squirts if I get enough retweets I’ll put a squirt video on my admire me account …
Review from my Weekend league team: INSIGNE Pros: Shooting Positioning Passing Cons: Strength (against fas…
Thank you to everyone that sold there squad fitness cards to me at coins. I'm going to make double coins soon a…
Which team would you go with? Comment Team Pogba or Team Griezmann. Appreciate the feedback!
played game of fornite and im back on .....how do ea do it? theres literally no content
oh ffs this game
I’m on a RTH
Which is more important though?
TK reveal five huge flash sales in run up to Christmas 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Australia account for Chinese Taipei in World Cup qualifier 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Kick off and th min cheese has me looking like I know what i'm doing on
Got relegated last night in to division on rivals. It has not been a great start so far to
Sportsnight Champions League 🇳🇱 Ajax vs 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chelsea in UEFA Champions League on…
I'm live on twitch right now playing and doing live trading! Come hangout!
FIFA TOTW predictions by GISALEGEND 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Another shite for the pile
Me after guiding into the top on seasons.
Anyone else finding offsides on proper dodgy
Contemplating the upgrade for this weekend, both these lads might get so will have to buy now.…
Seriously, who plays PES?🤔
RYAN GIGGS
Game still bails people out. If I was a pro, I wouldn't even be proud. Castro wins against starter squad
Time to play some rivals
is really bad this year, defending is trash, passing, what happened
Is the worst fifa ever Everything is stupid ! % of people plays drop back depth Even the offline modes…
HERE IT IS! My tiers for the Icon Swaps in ! I ranked them into three categories... High, Medium and Low pri…
Right let the flex commence... come show me your teams
New bastien card looks good but at around -250k I think it’s a tad eensive
ICON SWAP KLOSE REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
Pro Clubs Road To Division One Episode One Is Now Live ! …
Absolutely brilliant game this. Can't even make my subs!
Ive tried to give this game a chance but this game is fucking horrific i just lost a game fucking , NINE!! Not…
Just realized Levandowski is on ... WTF
Finish.
Ok guys so let’s hear your shouts for some semi realistic / signings for the series...
WHAT EA EXACTLY DOING RIGHT NOW ?! FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM RTG via
Am I an idiot for doing Schweinsteiger??
LIVE NOW ️ ICON SWAPS ️ TESTING NEW FORMATIONS
We Go Again
Selling Coins k = £12 only. Only PayPal. DM if interested
Another day, another dollar 🤑 One of my fav players to trade with right now, all bought under k! Great overnig…
For full transparency, here is my Thursday investment! Bergwijn’s k = k. Why? Out of packs tommorow …
anyone know if ozil’s any good
Is Inform semedo worth the coins ???
I'm LIVE... - Objectives Grind - Schweinsteiger Review - New patch discussion …
I sell kk fifa coins ps4 and i complete icon swap for €
Does anyone know when the new patch will be released?
Who do I buy?
Is there any fifa giveaways ?
More scripting in that game. This time on Rivals and conceded goals after my CB (Toby) got beat in a tack…
Controller isnt even responding today
SEASON Possible season rewards featuring Lacazette 🇫🇷, Milinkovic-Savic 🇷🇸 and Marquinhos 🇧🇷! Who do…
Want to make more coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Oh debating on if I’ll go for this man for my all time Bayern team in with Ballack and Kimm…
Are you looking for a creative logo? then visit my fiverr account for message me : …
New Monday ritual. Buy as many Howedes cards as possible -800 Monday morning k-2k Tuesday evening …
I wll be live in just a moment ! grinding Icon Swaps !
Help I need help someone please build me a team
I will be live at :30pm this evening! Plan for the stream includes: Icon Trading Trading tips for all budgets…
LIVE DIV. RIVALLS!! …
So happy with how my is growing right now. Time to find a balance as the is getting neglected.
Wow, stressful evenings for getting wins on online Division rivals for icon swap tokens. Got of the …
Me when I seen the Bastian SBC after work and then realised EA have been EA and made it rated squads and IFs…
I'm agreed %100 man ! !
Finally
So basically released a patch to make the gameplay tougher? :/
What are Fifa Division Rivals Rewards each week and how do you win them? - The Sun
Time to move up the solo rankings!! Tune in now …
*LIVE* - Grinding Icon Objectives and Trading | Million TP |
Heung min son is basically a cheat code on ultimate team he just doesn't miss worth every coin
Delay is horrible today again
The goal tracking feature in career is so cool WE ARE LOCATED ON PLOT V1 CONTAFRICA ZONE, KAMWOKYA AFTER…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Delighted to be kicking off the campaign with these gents for a very special tournament!
GOLD UPGRADE SBC!!!!!!!!
It's mad how much better FIFA20 becomes when you have a sick team
Ridiculous price imo! For a card that has so little links, you literally need ballack to make a decent squad. Not i…
May as well start them
What team are you rocking tonight for Xbox Challenge tourney? Here is team what do you think…
This is your daily reminder that FIFA Ultimate Team is an absolute cancer of the gaming world and you should give z…
Done the boring ones, Time to set up the stream!
Late Night League Pre Season Kicks Off Tonight!!!
HOW TO COMPLETE END OF ERA SCHWEINSTEIGER SBC! *CHEAPEST METHOD* | ULTIMATE TEAM
My only hope now for is a Lahm flashback or some sort of special card for him. Need a really good German r…
I was back -1, than i put Pukki in... Holy Sh*t, that was intense
k???? *Laughs in broke*
Who Remembers This?
We've seen some incredible goals in real life this season, but what about your standout strikes? R…
We are live lads get In here 🤙
Derby Italia!
EA FIFA Competition To Begin New Season In January
imagine if these players get a TOTW item SIFecond Inform
Packed a icon
Let the begin Mittenwald
I just had to...185k...
Scored an absolutely insane flick up volley with Fekir in
How long do we have to earn the online Icon swap tokens?
HOW TO COMPLETE END OF ERA SCHWEINSTEIGER SBC! *CHEAPEST METHOD* | ULTIMATE TEAM
Hey fans, Have you checked out our new MLS SBC? If you’ve completed all of our MLS player SBCs you’ve pro…
if had a Card!
Current team..
A new FIFA update is now live.
stream live bros - We get our first icon!!! - grinding - Schweinsteiger End of an Era SB…
I should be fired...
Whoever came up with Long Range in FIFA was a genius.
First icon of
Icon Swaps | Progression /12. How far are you guy? And did you already redeem some of your tokens for a certai…
Making️ Next player who is good for sniping with Futinator mister unpronounceable: Szczesny --- Current price a…
Yesssssss! It's done, kk are in the books. Struggled hard with my overselling lately, hope this will chance soon.…
Had to be done 🤣🤣
Please elain how perfectly timed tackles twice couldn't take the ball off POTM Pukki? This has happened in multip…
I'm starting LIVE on !
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
from the season objectives.
FIFA patch notes 5: Title update hits PCs, update coming soon to PS4, Xbox One 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
i always lose my fifa "buzz" around this time every year.. but come st promo im back and thats me for the long hau…
I PACKED CRISTIANO RONALDO!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
Just saw the Pitch Notes... Generally speaking I think it's a good thing but I dont believe their prioritie…
is unplayable. We need a patch. Animation this year are terrible and no sense. Bad.
SNIPING FILTER TO KEEP YOU GOING TILL MY BIG TIPS AND TRADING METHODS LATER FOR THIS ONE YOU WANT QUALITY GOLD/ LE…
Closing out the transfer window and making the last of our signings !
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
anyone else think that SBC challenges should be released every monday, wednesday an friday?
My man is LIVE RIGHT NOW playing !!! Get in there and hang out with him and welcome him back!!!…
🇩🇪 THE BIG MOVE!! 🇩🇪 A few days ago, I invested kk in Thomas Müller! Bought: ~9600 coins Sold: ‘000 coins •…
Can someone at elain how this shit happens all the time to me? How is this not a pen? …
What do you think of FIFA !
No Fifa Points. Oof
The Career Mode Will Get a Much-Needed Update Very Soon - Herald Publicist
Ryan Giggs Ryan Giggs running down the wing Ryan Giggs Ryan Giggs running down the wing 🤙 …
What’s everyone’s records then ??
Current State of via
Liiiiveeeeee from pm Couch co op evening with brother gareth and brother samuel …
Why not Varane/Lenglet? What level are you in Season ?
what a finish !
Improvements with k? …
Just a reminder ligue POTM should drop tomorrow Been a week since reveal Could be good look later toda…
Who in the is making this SBCs??? k??? GG to EA, they did it again...
Man im loving been practicing my building and editing in the playground for a couple of hours starting t…
!!! Very eensive this one! Would not recommend doing this sbc unless for sentimental va…
Carlos Vela aint too shabby
If you loved the Ndombele OTW Objectives grind for a card, like this tweet. Let's show that while w…
FIFA : EA publishes Title Update 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Foul number ?
FIFA : Top best kits 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
GIVEAWAY: Ending in hours retweet and follow to enter the giveaway.…
I just made k investing in Kroos &amp; Hummels. I really hope this next patch makes the game fun &amp; playable again.
Gradually getting there, how many Icon Swap Cards have you got?
Really wouldn't say this card is worth k+ *3* and basically stuck to the MLS unless you building a German team,…
/12 tokens done, this is gunna take a while! We will have Pep on the RTG by the weekend though!
Can someone elain to me why this is a € game?(his gk was Neto) …
These icons are not worth the stress of playing this abysmal division rivals gameplay
Fifa pls can u fix the AI teams - AL teams transfers they dont make sense at all thank u for big team line up nice.…
FIFA HOW TO COMPLETE ICON SWAPS &amp; SILVER PLAYERS OBJECTIVES (TIPS) …
. vs Ice Buckets? Make sure you watch, Reds fans!
I am getting bloody sick and tired of this every…
You know which game actually needs to be sucked into a black hole? !
Schweinsteiger looks bloody brilliant on !
When actually release new content
Same daily objectives as ever
Looking to sell k on FIFA on Xbox one. Any offers???
How is the verification thing so hard? Especially when the pictures are so small on my phone, I can't actua…
We’ve got simple FUT trading method guides here —&gt;
I love FIFA
Thank you for the update to FIFA . I know Career Mode isn’t your cash cow, but for the rest of the com…
Anybody wanna buy k coins? 🤔 Buy of
FIFA Download PC
There's plenty of discard value players you should be picking up!
My honest opinion on the latest patch
Schweinsteiger is a GREAT card... BUT.... */3* - M/M and MLS limit the amount I'd be willing to pay. k~ is abou…
broken Due to frustration. Not me for the record my idiot year old son
Doesn’t fit into my team but so tempted.... 🇩🇪 ️ is anyone else doing this?
Gotta jump on this, my first time having season tickets for any sports team was the year came to t…
We are DONE!! /12 complete! Now get the hell off my screen, that grind was stupid! .
Honestly fuck . EA Sports have honestly taken away my enjoyment with this game. By far the worst FIFA ever released.
Do I get Schweinsteiger and do this? then swap him and Lewa in game
This is why i don't play a lot of Fifa.... I'm the blue one …
So you're telling me that none of this was affected by server side responsiveness. ?
Here is my Prediction for ft. 🇧🇦 🇳🇱 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 International weeks alwa…
Just come on here to get told that flashback Schweinsteiger who plays in the MLS and has pace is k. rate…
How do we feel about the "Value" for this SBC? This is definitely one I will be avoiding!
This Schweinsteiger SBC card is insultingly awful.
Flashback Ibra cost me k a year ago and he was an end game card If you'll do daily content, please fix p…
Was a graft but we got here need a mode that's no rivals for these objectives
LIVE Gonna play some proclubs starting from the bottom! lets try and make it to div t…
i’m clickin button, nothing’s happening...
Schweinsteiger SBC analysis: 🇩🇪 legend with a nice box to box or CDM card Cost is going to be somewhere between…
The Schweinsteiger SBC price is in on , it will cost you around k on the PS4 &amp; k on the Xbox One!…
There is a massive new FIFA update so check out my new video for an overview of whats changing... ⭐️HUGE FIFA U…
NEW TOTW INVESTING GUIDE VIDEO GET IN FAST
This is a top card and close to end game qualities, with an anchor if you rock a German / Bunda team...there is a b…
Schweinstiger? NAAAAAAAAAA Not my cup of tea unfortunately, people with more of a relation/connection to him…
First time streaming over Hit the link to come watch my first ever…
If EA brings the ultimate Scream team ️🧹🧙‍️ here's some thoughts on those cards!
Pretty epic Bastian Schweinsteiger card but going to be about k and tough to link - I think I will pass but it i…
The legend End of Era SBC is LIVE now!
FIFA - End of an Era Bastian Schweinsteiger is now available via an SBC! ! …
Which one ?
Packed my first icon
You guys want my kidney too? This price is ridiculous
Selling FIFA Ultimate Edition code %50 off-$50 Champions Edition $30 Legit will show + vouches legit and as…
Cheap op team
Our top FIFA goalkeepers. Click to link to view and drop us a follow/like on insta🤓
Any chance we'll get a decent SBC to do any time soon!?
That new Schweinsteiger SBC is way too eensive. WTF should be k max
Honestly, I have no idea about penalties on or how I've managed to win a game through pens
SBC for Schweinsteiger is out and I am very very very disappointed. Three rated squads for a player who has the…
New SBC out now
NEW GLITCH UPLOAD FIFA
Is the fitness glitch patched?
Why does STILL not have a face in ?! Can anyone at elain this? Does he live o…
The requirements are as unrealistic as the state you released career mode in
Looking for an Active Fifa Discord? Daily Trading Tips Active Community + Members Join Today &gt;…
De legend ‘End of Era SBC’ is LIVE nu!
We are looking at around k for Schweinsteiger, thoughts?
*NEW* : Bastian End of the Era Announced
me at pm
Schweinstieger SBC, what you guys thinking?
Great card but looks like around k-250k which might be a bit steep for me. What do you think? x squads with…
Another day another SBC! What we saying people!
The end of era Bastian Schweinsteiger is here! Sadly is it worth it high cost?
FIFA - Ultimate Team: National Pride SBC /4 (England) Reward via
Play sbc for icon didn't give me the player swapped and marked it as done is this a glitch don't ride me out of my Drogba
The legend End of Era SBC is LIVE now!
Design is sick though
I said Icon Swaps were trash. Lol.
x squad, x IFs required for Schweinsteiger 🇩🇪 Who’s doing it?
NEW VIDEO: Click the link below to watch our brand new video! Lots of laughs and passion in this one Thanks…
Thats a crazy eensive sbc boys to much for a card who really doesnt fit the mets this year
End of an Era ! x rated squads
Only Americans have any interest in the MLS when will EA learn?!?
You guys rating Schweinsteiger or na? Looks a decent card to me...
SBC with ifs. Drugs.
LIVE FIFA ACHAT REVENTE ( INVESTISSEMENT ) ! LES ULTIMATES SCREAMS ARRIVENT VENDREDI ? via
I love Basti but that’s gonna be what, k?!
It's Aggregated Predictions. Thank you to all the predictors who submitted their predictions go give them al…
What are we thinking? Another very overpriced SBC?
those requirements...YOU MAD?
Schweinsteiger looks ok but them requirements.......
The lack of content is embarrassing, this game is so boring now
Congratulations to for qualifying to ️️ GG!
New bug after the new update: Tables from other leagues (not your own) are very broken! Test your game fo…
So how about a server for challenges? Sick of getting battered when using players I’m not used to for three wins in…
are doing all they can to ensure gamers have the most realistic eerience ever, when playing :
Boy: Samuel Chukwueze, Dele-Bashiru miss out of top nominees 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : Guide to the FUT Icon Exchange, how to get the Player Tokens 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
India vs Bangladesh, Highlights, FIFA World Cup Qualifier: Blue Tigers come away with one ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
EA FIFA Competition To Begin New Season In January 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Xbox Friday : the best deals on consoles, games, Xbox One X, Game Pass, accessories ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
WATCH: first impressions and review 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
OMG!!! We HIT !! Crazy! never even thought i would hit now we are here️️ god bless all of you and we ke…
Ready to get ovr koreans because you need dollars for Son.
️For Futinator Army️ Sniping Navas works pretty good for me. Overview after minutes: x Navas for -16k Sold…
Fifa career mode bug that 'made game unplayable' finally fixed
Time for some rivals!
Less than minutes
Alright bros, for Mission MLS, which icon should we try and go for?
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
When is the title update being released with fixes? Saw document from September about career…
Retweet if you think Squad Fitness Cards should be scrapped.
But what was the concept of this ? Was it supposed to be a football game ? You should watch live match it w…
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
Gone for Pep. Rio next!
Which next Serie A team do you want me to do?
Okay folks, there's a new Title Update available on PC today! This update will be…
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
I wish they fix the game play Jack.
I’d love to see an IRL race between Kroos, James and Iniesta. Seeing Iniesta’s pace stat it makes no sense to me.…
Something at maybe? 🤷‍️ Imagine they release that fake looking Mata Flashback. 🤣🤣🤣
Q4 is here - and on the roadmap it stands for the launch of the platform. As soon as the i…
LIVE Starting with till ish Then
Finally releasing a patch for
is so poor. Dishing out red cards, crap tackling and the through balls are pathetic. Worse than the last game, somehow
Don’t get me wrong with my earlier post. The fact that they are giving icons out for spending time grinding the g…
Will you be making a ronaldo goal card ?
wtf ? Corner hhhh BUG
- FIFA Patch Notes 5 – New Update on October
Leaked SBC coming out in minutes
FIFA is the worst FIFA yet
*Unable to connect to the EA servers*
Who shall I get? try not be biased
A nd in a row top5 placing for Mario_van_Sheet,Pizzmeister and Brle! Congratulations to all the guys that made it…
Selling coins £11 per k on PlayStation message me if you’re interested!
You get into a good position to score an header, but you can’t because says so. Very realistic GG
Hello earthlings. Would like to address the content rumours for this week. There will be no content this week due t…
Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro play …
New channel!! Let me know what you think!! Vvideos hopefully coming out daily! …
My shoot button isn’t working today guys
Anyone know if the Vela card is worth the cost? rated coming off the bench sounds decent this early!
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Join me at gillettestadium... . . . Come hang out and support our team as we take on Atlanta United in the…
is easy
🆕🆕🆕🤩 Meet our new midfielders! Welkom, Frenkie🇳🇱 Steven🇳🇱 Bienvenido, Casemiro🇧🇷 …
Only a few spots left of the Xbox MLS challenge. Register for free -&gt; Only…
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
I do still believe that regardless of any fixes server quality must be improved which would have a knock on effect…
Currently fourth on table! 🇮🇳
This is BIGGGG update damn! Goes goddamn pages . Good to know. Btw fitness is patched
How do I finish this team? -1-2-1-2(2) need a cdm, cm or cdm,cm, cam
will be getting a large patch soon, and it is finally going to fix its Career Mode. Read the full patch not…
Are the server's down for on Ps4?
Anyone from the Bay Area play Pro Clubs and want to start a team w/ me?
NEW EPISODE ALERT: Our Head to Head series continues with a game of no rules. After g…
Fifa TOTW predictions: players in the running for this week's FUT Team of the Week
Fortnite it is
No penalty ? nice update
Fut drafts gameplay &gt; any other mode in fifa. Wish the rewards were better, but at least I'm enjoying some gameplay on
Me and on pro clubs
Relief hearing my kids playing the new I couldn't take their salty screams at the TV any longer.
This upcoming patch is the most important have released. Actually excited to see the difference. Seem…
So I was doing one of the icon objectives on squads. Playing world class, I played games. In one I needed to scor…
Anyone know what time the title update will be live?
Current RTG Squad 🥶 Liquid: k Investments: k Future Upgrades: ⭐️Kante ⭐️Varane ⭐️Courtois ⭐️Mbappe
We're behind but it only gives you more time to follow along from the start!
Live on Twitch !
What a start to the stream! POG!
This should be the we are getting, both Lukaku and Lozano don't deserve it as they we're not even the best pl…
I have k to spend . In game I play with lacazette and rashford…
Curious whether there’s any serious pro club teams 🧐
I went liquid cause I can feel an sbc coming today or tommorow, if he doesn't come out today market will go up a bi…
Excited to announce we’re bringing game to fest! Join us in Pomona, CA on November -10 to compete in…
Need a to listen to today? Look no further than the Cheddah Cast! Episode is out on all your favorite p…
Didn't get to play as much FUT last week as I would of hoped but in the end, I still manage to score some respectab…
Rivals is unplayable!
who is a Germany fan watched ’s playing for .. for u india will rock day soon…
…
Well MILLION COINS LATER AND WE HAVE THIS !! SHOUTOUT TO sadigxbox Kindly share and drop a follow please!…
WATCH: first impressions and review - Independent Online
Take A Bow Man, You Made Me Cry Literally Thank You Thank You Very Much Adil!!🇮🇳 …
India paid the price for unimpressive first half display against Bangladesh. Disappointed with -1.
Thinking of going with this team for this weeks weekend league. Anyone got any advice on tactics and all th…
i want to pack zidane this fut
INDIA in FIFA World Cup - FIFA Match : Like. Share. Subscribe. …
OMG I PACKED CRISTIANO RONALDO!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory
Good defence Good attack Good counter attack Love to watch the game from Indian player. nd half was super energet…
How did you do this weekend league? GOING FOR GOLD ! // ULTIMATE TEAM - PROJECT ARSENAL / via
Latest episode of Poor Chuff's Road To Elite is live...
WE ARE LIVE! - Gold Upgrade Packs - PM Content - Patch Discussion - Look at YOUR squads
The token grind for Gerrard starts today
Aguerooooooo!!!! And now I’m broke Pretty happy with this. I have better players than Ndombele but he is need…
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
When Spanish manager is practicing his SBC skills on the job.
Icon swap completed that was stressful but differently worth it …
If the winner would like a copy of fifa instead they can
What I tell myself after every game of that I play:
Which teams and formations are y'all using in ?
When your opponent is doing the icon swaps objectives and subs on Messi, Neymar and Mbappé
Just catching up on some content and surprised to see moaning about kick offs, from the games i have played the…
Where would you upgrade this besides GK (gonna get Alisson soon)?
FIFA Title Update
For Thursday on stream...
ICON Swap Grind! - Division Rivals!
IF Havertz has been reviewed by !
Smooth.
Bad news if you chose OTW Sanchez!
on : OMG I PACKED CRISTIANO RONALDO!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory
trading method guides here --&gt;
making bernardo silva a central midfielder is a stroke of genius. even at chem, he's better than anyone until i get kdb or eriksen
FIFA TOTW predictions! It looks very premier league based this week. Golovin is the wild card this week for a…
Little beauty.
We eecting any content tonight? 🤔
the david silva and bernardo silva combo feels so fluid. finally i got my team playing pep style.
Something is seriously wrong with our Goalkeeper
Want to feature on my YouTube Channel? I want to open as many of your FUT CHAMPS &amp; RIVALS rewards on stream as pos…
FIFA Ultimate Edition Digital Code for PS4 $/40£/40€ Paypal only! …
Many Career Mode issues were not mentioned that they are fixed in new Update: Players losing all their ski…
taken care of until seasons end. …
*LIVE* Trading Invest / SBC's &amp; Games / FIFA Deutsch Live
This is how we see turning out • Lewandowski: goals • Lukaku: goals • Yang Xu: goals • Kim Shin Wo…
Still looking for some more players. If you got verified this weekend and are in NA DM me.
fifa need to drop this patch soon as,i aint having fun at all,its horrible,playing guys that do no scope passing an…
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ZOOM DET…
New patch, new bugs?
LA CARRRRRIIIIIEEERE YESSSS
[] is LIVE!! He is streaming some Ultimate Team, come and watch him rage over at…
Fifa and this glitch is still happening... the penalties +2 just won’t go away and you have to reset the whole g…
Team Mbappe oder Team Neymar ?
Going to enter my st weekend league on Any suggested improvements? If I sell investments, I'll have aroun…
P E R F E C T
Fornals bid /400 Sell /800 Little and often …
Looking forward to streaming tonight lads I’ll be live from pm as normal new week new goals to hit so I’ll see y…
We are excited to announce our 'Gaming Tent' activation site during &amp; Presidents Cup -…
FIFA Download PC
Career Modes doing well
Be Like!
Anyone who is responsible for these Rivals related objectives have to be banned from gaming industry forever.
Anyone know a date when the promoted teams face pack will be added to ? I know it’s November time but is the…
Sorry for no streams the past few days guys been really ill. Streaming my right now though, come by an…
Guys I need help to prepare my discord, if anyone is able to help a Friend make a perfect discord I dm me!! 🤔🤔
What I don’t like about is that they’re effectively telling you which icons you can actually have. Peop…
So... Did even play test ?... Just look at all these bugs?! It's been an entire month since…
I honestly can’t think of anything more embarrassing than this. Imagine spending that much money on a game to get b…
Advanced SBCs OP
finally
Somehow this was up for seconds...🤦‍️🤦‍️
For script not exist is the SHIT manipulated by script malicious I NOT BUY OTHER SHIT
Hahahahaha EA dropped the patch notes &amp; Squad Fitness cards literally doubled in price. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Recreate Carlo Ancelotti’s -3-2-1 ‘Christmas Tree’ (2007 AC Milan) | FIFA Custom Tactics
Best Thing of having FIFA on PC, getting updates first.
We are LIVE on ! - Icon Swap Grind - Roberto Carlos Incoming? - Patch Notes Discussion Get inv…
going LIVE in an hour for a cool down on after a sweaty WL on . winners shor…
Tuesday means ! Here are three players that I think will get informs due to their performances for…
,000 coins difference. Why? Got me... 🤷‍️
*NEW* : Chemistry Official Details
How to avoid careless possession mistakes in ! If you're struggling to string together passes or getting out…
FIFA 's new update list is longer than the Bible
The matchfinder ladders are now open until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All…
With five goals Mbappe leads us to a :1 and the fourth Icon-Swap-Player. More important: After I struggled with Mb…
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!!!
h…
Salute to for repping for us mid-tier FUT players
Somehow Episode got more views than . But if you haven’t seen episode yet, check it out! …
Yo this is what you lot call “fun” and “enjoyable”.. No press what so ever, it’s unbeatable, kids jus…
Hows the animation responsiveness in rivals guys? Wanna play a few games
Yet to face someone in Fifa Champion that doesn't spam crosses. So glad that heading is going to be nerfed this wee…
Bundesliga is such a fun league this year. Havertz is a beast up top, was able to secure gold w this team w gam…
Life hack
So man important updates and fixes for
Ok Bye mins stupid goals. Fck this Game...
I can’t even control my players. When I tell them to change direction they keep running the way they were going and…
Premium feature idea I've sat on for a while... "auto BIN". Where shortfuts will automatically snatch up a card as…
I need help?? How are u defending in ??
There's a new Podcast episode on air! Let's discuss the sustainability of Meelee tournaments, Fifa - from sports to…
Was beating an rated team with a shit rated first owner prem team and about to complete the objective for a i…
FIFA simulation featuring Ajax going up against Chelsea in UCL group stage.
Fitness Glitch Patched
This happend two times in row and i only get a draw .. Our community is embarrasing …
A new patch has been released for PC today (will release for consoles on a later date). There are fixes to…
Got round the “scoring a corner on Fifa” problem by just scoring directly from the corner also does anyone play p…
I did something...Can’t wait to try out the new squad tonight. Catch it live at pm EST! …
*LIVE* DROGBA ICON SWAP GRIND 🤑 FINISHING DIVISION RIVALS OBJECTIVES - F... via
Need More content go to the channel right here Schmeltz Herring Opens Prime Packs 🤣…
Doing first own objectives in division
Only managed to put past him to win -0 (should have been about ) but there is a bronze keeper doing the rounds…
I've not seen a better / stronger attacking forward than that of arsenal in fifa ... The trio of Aubameyang, laca…
The main thing to come from fitness being back, is people will genuinely have less coins to spend, you think it wou…
I HAVE SOME REALLY BIG THINGS COMING OUT TONIGHT TRADING METHODS INVESTMENT TIPS YOU REALLY DONT WANT TO MISS OUT A…
Hi guys! I’m opening a group at Telegram for daily tips and trades methods! Be the first to get in for free! Hal…
Ronaldo 🇵🇹 Vs Messi 🇦🇷 Who's goal was better?
Haven't really been following the national games. Any clue as to who we may get for ?
Any of you play FIFA on Origin (PC)? If yes, which controller do you use? Should I buy the Dualshock or the MS Xbox controller?
Upgrade!!!! …
India just took a freekick like the way I do in . Only difference was I score from them 🤣
LIVE! Grinding some of the Icon Swap Objectives.
I'm starting LIVE on !
They nerfed drag back
That Video is an good example, why TF is brocken atm. I hit Times Green with the strong foot(Aguero, Dalglish),…
Best elanation of how fustrating FIFA is this year: 'Everytime I've played a few games, I feel like fighting my…
I hate how every match on FIFA is such a GRIND! Everyone using this messed up tactics!!
Please when a player switch off the game or dropped a match after few seconds, it's possib…
Free kicks + Walcott FB = goals
Simulation League Table &amp; Standings. Youtube Channel:
G TIME!!
This is why I love on PC! take a look lmao
career mode players....is career mode fixed?
PRE STREAM TING: ?
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
I’ve played every FIFA game since on the Sega mega drive and is the absolute worst imo- less than % of…
Almost and you still have these shit servers. Fucking unplayable. Do something!
Nice goal ? …
Just put my last shadow card on this cunt I hate the wheel so fucking much
How does a glitch carry over to the new game ffs. Can’t join any pro clubs as “ they can not be loaded at this time…
Looks like I need a short vacation for otherwise I won't complete any objective on time
ficou top
Mind that app has a default key for quick sell, that will sell a card immediately! Just realised now af…
Will FIFA continue FIFA ’s success and ensure its longevity? Find out with our latest blog and sign up to our…
Nice Gold-Rare-Pack from the Objectives. Higuain will help me to get the three Serie A-Wins for the Icon-Swaps …
Training today . Great to see &amp; back on the grass! And giving a smil…
TEAMS OF THE WEEK …
Why Tamil is not working in hotstar for FIFA World Cup qualifier match …
Gonna get Pep tonight! And will grind the other tokens to get Rio as my nd icon!
The main men...
True Words
NEW POST . My UCL MM Guide Is Up On
Get your coins here! All methods up and running! Choose from Comfort Trade, Player Trade or Squad Builder!…
FIFA Title Update 's patch notes are now live and kicking
FIFA title update is out, here are the patch notes - TheSixthAxis
A new picture for Mertens. Only took like years
First video uploaded, click the link down below! Second video will be uploaded early tonight. tune back in later fo…
Game Today's and daily prize: DETAILS
(Xbox One) Limited Stock New &amp; Sealed UK PAL Free UK P&amp - WAS £54.99 NOW £45.99
Coming in at around k completely worth it in my eyes. Will link well with that one to watch Lozano. …
Worth upgrading Robertson to R.Carlos?
Just checked issues were changed in this upcoming patch. , weeks after release. That is a fucking joke EA…
To sum up for you: You are the better player, you dominate the game minutes, you have shots on target…
OMG...I've never picked... This is my best pack
SNIPING FILTER INBOUND THIS IS A FAST COIN MAKING METHOD THE CARDS POP ON ALOT ALL YOU NEED TO DO QUALITY GOLD/ POS…
Hmmm... Fortnite does look tempting, but I think I’ll stick to because the grind is too real right now.
The latested Title Update is out for players - here's the deets
What you all aiming for this coming WL then boys? I’ll be satisfied with Elite but Elite is my aim.
Help please
Best skill moves in ??
Big plans for my team just hoping I get good rewards on thursday to pay for it all dont wanna sell all my investments
FIFA Title Update , 5 Patch Notes released for PC before PS4 and Xbox One - Daily Star
Tag someone who's long overdue a beating on FIFA. Console booths available all evening, £8 per booth per hour, £5…
Time for me to show how to play ultimate team. We are worst enemies when it comes to gaming so thi…
The icon swap challenges is the worst thing ive ever grinded for!
So this is my on oh it's just a thrill to be a career mode player FIX IT PLEASE!!
FIFA Career Mode: Who wins the Ballon d'Or for the next seasons?! - RealSport
OMG I PACKED CRISTIANO RONALDO!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
New episode drops tomorrow so be sure to catch up now and subscribe! Link in Bio!!!!!!
FIFA Title Update
stream live tonight bros 5pm!! - We get our first icon!!! - grinding - pm content drop…
What icons are yall completing for the Icon Swap? I want Ballack at but who else should I get, cant seem to deci…
INDIA in FIFA World Cup ! (FIFA Series) Watch: Like. Share. Subscribe for more.…
Let us know if you're coming to this Saturday's Game!! Don't forget we have FIFA20 now!! …
so glad hasnt let of the field drama ruin his form
FIFA Career Mode: Who wins the Ballon d'Or for the next seasons?! - RealSport101
Why is everyone bashing the patch without trying it?
Nothing here matters if server issues aren’t addressed and fixed.
Not a big Euro Football follower but I feel like has a real chance at gaining a leg on this year.. Thoughts?
Is rated carlos Vela worth it and I solve him dirt cheap for you! …
Packed at school
Are we chilling? Messi doing Messi things 🤣
I'll be live around PM today! Discussing some of the latest pitch notes, as well as GOLD UPGRADES (of course) Le…
Currently draw and looses trying to do these stupid fucking objectives someone do them for me
FIFA simulation featuring Dortmund going up against Barcelona in UCL group stage.
FIFA Title Update
FIFA Title Update Patch Notes released for PC ahead of PS4 and Xbox One - Daily Star
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
Skill Moves are in a tough spot
Fifa just being fifa
Finish my team
EA will finally - FINALLY - be updating career mode and fixing some major bugs with a patch this Thursday
I see some promising stuff for this update, hopefully the update actually effects gameplay and do nothing l…
It's . We have self driving cars and space travel. EA Sports: still can't create a game or use a server that's…
Barber in UK Gives Free Haircuts to Those Who Beat Him at FIFA but There&amp; a Catch 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
&amp;eath ,&amp;; &amp;;Link&amp; Awakening&amp;; Top Data Firm&amp; Most Anticipated Holiday Games …
Hey Did you know that in football, The goalkeepers can use their hand to ge…
Excited for these Ultimate Scream cards!
Finally!
Ok what are going to do?Partially closed grounds,warnings,ludicrously low fines,slap on th…
Euro Qualifiers ️️‍️ Check Today Scheduler - …
Today's video is live! k La Liga team!
I see a lot of gamechangers responding to the patches... oh it's so great ..oh i am so excited for this...wait whut…
The grind continues! How’s everyone else looking in rivals?
Wish this was the real United team...
You know it's time to get When you're playing and there are only Players in Pro Clubs on all the…
Trying to apply Squad fitness but your shit game wont allow it unless you back out
Win A Copy Of FIFA Signed By Youri Tielemans! - Leicester City
Career mode is so broken... it basically says ”Lacazette scores for Man. Utd in the game win against arsenal” This…
Road2PrimeKeane &amp; Baby Nesta... looking forward to the next objectives
Struggling to score headers? Silva ft , heading accuracy is your answer apparently 🤷‍️
FIFA patch notes 5: Title update hits PCs, update coming soon to PS4, Xbox One
FIFA TOTW Predictions: FUT update for Liverpool, Man City and Spurs players - Daily Star
Finally We see the points, R.I.P fitness glitch
Jockeying sometimes gets the ball and sometimes just let's the ball pass by, hard to predict what'll happen the next time
EA waking up the patch developers to fix the fitness glitch
Tons of sales the last couple of days, if you timed your buy time it was very lucrative! If you’re not confident or…
I’ve been debating this for a while but I came to one conclusion. Javier Zanetti is the Icon.
The nuissance with defending in is what happens after i register a tackle, the defenders freeze randomly an…
Pro clubs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; FUT Unrivalled !
FIFA patch notes 5: Title update hits PCs, update coming soon to PS4, Xbox One
Lol gameplay ist absolutely Crap atm...
Global Revenues Could Exceed $195 Billion by Across all Gaming Platforms - PRNewswire
Andrea Pirlo’s icon swap card is a glorified Thiago and you can’t prove me wrong.... …
Madden : TOTW Prediction (MUT Ultimate Team of the Week) - Stefon Diggs, Kyler Murray, McCoy - RealSport …
The FIFA Community in a nutshell ...
Football Manager llega en noviembre . . . . …
How long have we got before first icon swap icon eires?
I’ve been really struggling to get my wins with the first owners objectives I’m getting far too many loses whilst…
Please save yourself any sort of breakdown and do not use Keylor Navas for the Ligue icon swap objective. That ma…
I will be starting a . Pack N Play series on . Draft to Glory ... along with my RTG . Any other ideas?
Who says I'm sweating on ?? Jeeez just like E.......
Fifa is awful
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Are you on Xbox? Looking for a gaming server to play on and meet new people? Well look no further! VPC GAMING IS TH…
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best k Team – Williams, Gnabry, Brandt &amp; more. …
Probably the best goal I scored so far this year.
Dupljak or Akkaya 🤔? The choice is yours! A brand new Player Pick SBC is available in-game. | |…
I don’t care what Ea brings out for Halloween as long as there is a Screamu Spukki card
is F**king broken
the day after completing advanced sbc’s and getting sweet FA.
Just to say not % sure if we'll get this in FIFA but saw this morning that Sosa in the won the POTM…
This is an old article from , but what cool idea! A perfect use of our screens!? Ideal for ?…
Another one bites the dust...
Wish they would sort out bookings on , get booked for breathing &amp; given red cards for fair but strong tackles
Sometimes i dont score sweaty goals
We are always looking for more competitive gamers to join our gaming community …
Stream going live
(SONY PlayStation Pro Bundle ()) - Now ONLY £215.646485 - …
I refuse to play with shite players from Serie A, Ligue and La Liga. What a stupid fucking objective for wank icons.
Just for PC? I'm Xbox one
POSTER
Has career mode been fixed finally? Please say so
There aren’t operations in csgo for two years.Valve is getting worse. Besides people talk shit in fifa20 and Ea.Bu…
Let's see if these career mode fixes actually work and dont break something else. If it's fixed and working…
Come and say hi in the live stream chat
Definite improvements to corners with the new update. Actually winning headers and scored from a corner.
When are the Villa player Faces added in game?
patch notes out! Looks like they’ve attempted to , we’ll see what happens. , what do you think of it?
The biggest title update to date has been released on PC addressing most of the well known Career Mode bugs…
Aggregate Prediction Based on predictions these players are most likely to get a IF.…
It’s been again almost a week Corey blocked me for this And they haven’t tweeted again for + days and they are…
The fitness glitch is patched. You can pick up a few now and sell after the patch comes out as everyone and their m…
Hey Im happy about the upcoming fixes for Career Mode on for PS4. The main Issue for me (and ot…
Rip fitness glitch
Career mode has been fixed, and also the fitness but. All hail.
Firstly, should refund people all the Fitness cards they used unnecessarily.
Pretty happy with my trading efforts so far. Need help to go to the next level though!
FIFA [English Language] for PC is now % off in our Daily Deal! …
Division Rivals Weekend League Draft Pro Clubs All different gameplay it's unreal.
INDIA in FIFA WORLD CUP ! Match - Like. Share. Subscribe. …
Football racism been around for some time had its problems fans described it a…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Playing fifa today and feels like a completely different game passes going no where near where I aim them hopeful…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
The team is all set for tonights pre season
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
: Retweet and follow me for the chance to win FIFA Points! Winner drawn in one hour! Good Luck
English Sancho, Mount and Foden make -man shortlist for Fifa&amp; Golden Boy award 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Patch: Title Update – All areas of gameplay improved, including Career Mode update 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Hey fans, We released a new patch!! We didn’t fix the servers or drop back or dribbling, BUT we did patch…
NEW DOWNLOAD for the AIO after the Update
I don’t doubt the quality.i worry about that genre.But we will soon see what is gonna happen.Novembre is approachin…
LIVE ! ON RUSH MESSI !
goals via on the
goal via on the
Fifa servers are so bad! Why do we get punished for it??
Match Day | | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ | ⏰ | :10h
Title Update is coming to ! ️ Skill moves, the fitness glitch, career mode and much more are all being…
genuine question now, if you payed £50-80 for a film and when you received the film you could only watch /8th of t…
Rivals in high divisions is fucking boring and shit, if this big update doesn’t kill this depth dro…
I don’t understand the skill rating system. Doesn’t anyone have a link providing an elanation or something? My op…
FIFA PLAYER CAREER MODE ! - GOING OUT ON LOAN?!?!? via After a failed and in…
Qualifer Underway FIFA Championship. The Scene Here is Crazy. City is Living Up to the Hype…
Perfect goal from the corner
after trying some different squad combinations and quite a few cursed words, managed to select a team for t…
This sums up how hard it is to score a header in via
FIFA Title Update is Now Available to Download on PC, PS4 and Xbox to Follow Later...
We are live this time FIFA clubs with the boys - and
FIFA Patch: Title Update - All areas of gameplay improved, including Career Mode update - RealSport …
If this some how fixes Delay, then probably a huge step in the right direction. But Only to found out when the Patc…
What is this assistant referee doing?
Ea don't do anything about input delay general lag and a whole host of but patch the fitness glitch and make legend…
Who's advising EA on these changes??? Why not remove the human element altogether, we'll all just sim games from…
I just love this kind of tweets to justify why I don't have any regrets not buying
Seriously struggling to enjoy playing , the passing is moronic, shooting unpredictable and general gameplay…
Gotta give props... they are changing the whole game while are still changing penalties
NEW FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY Click my twitter page View my pinned post Follow the simple steps!! x Fifa poin…
Danny Wellbeck 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 |
Trust EA to patch one of the only useful things in with the genuinely fitness card shouldn't…
Sold my First Owned Luis Suarez! The guy is just too slow for my team! Who should I buy now?
The Cape Town dates and venues for the () Smashball Series is now live. Registrations are open.…
RIP Fitness Glitch...
WE HIT OVER K USING ONLY THE BRONZE PACK METHOD!!!! Check out the latest vid on Youtube Djtaxman, to see how! Eas…
FIFA Patch: Title Update - All areas of gameplay improved, including Career Mode update - RealSport …
Short stream live in an hour
Thanks to Everyone in the stream last night, was a really good one. Also, Thank You to all who followed, subbed, r…
FIFA Patch: Title Update - All areas of gameplay improved, including Career Mode update - RealSport101 …
Alright lads, just chilling in stream and he is a couple followers away from affiliate. He seems su…
I'm starting LIVE on !
Great work again tonight on Road To - First Owners Team Series this goal…
They fixed the fitness glitch! RIP
Still having a patience-problem in the whole building up a good squad in and previous FUT's,,, stuck now to normal seasons
Gareth Bale 󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 |
FIFA SBC Carlos Vela MLS POTM CHEAPEST SOLUTION &gt; …
Snipe bale tonight at pm uk time My giveaways run daily instagram
It is mystery ball on FIFA and he has speed boost at this action ️
New patch is on its way so lets check out what we are getting fixed...
Surely if everyone is investing in Squad fitness cards they're just not going to rise as much?
These are the most used cards, according to PGP data and fitted into a chem squad.
Please watch for support our national team , They need our support! tonight at 0 pm …
Finally a pro talking a lot of sense. Being so defensive should limit your attacking ability massively but on this…
The "2nd man press" button should now be called the "pull players out of position" button... 🤔
In case anyone is wondering about title update . CM gameplay is still garbage as there's still only gu…
Mariners Players vs. Fans Evening 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Big patch is packed with bug fixes, Career Mode improvements and more 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
What tutorial would you like to see next? Comment below
Great patch for incoming! Career fix is in.
Now that’s what you call a patch.
Assit to Muuuuuuunir
Flash Squad: Here’s my Marquee Matchups Predictions for Thursday /10 I recommend taking a few different playe…
Big patch is packed with bug fixes, Career Mode improvements and more - …
isnt there a job where u get paid for playing
Just saw teams generate over pts in career mode for the first time after the update
Unpopular opinion: CR7 is still better than Messi on Just saying
The Cape Town dates and venues for the Smashball Series are now live. Registrations are open. ️ More…
Patch
The GOAT is here
Selling FIFA COINS PS4 and Xbox DM if interested. BUY FIFA COINS EASY!
When you realise that you have forked out quid to for an unplayable glitch ridden bag of shite!…
I'm LIVE... Time to get back to objectives grind whilst we debate some of life's tough questions... first up... Ca…
Definitely a group we would eect to get out of! Looking forward to our first European adventure in charge of Shef…
These are some changes that I personally felt this weekend quite a lot, so I'm glad these are being looked at. How…
AI has been used to augment game models to create more sophisticated games. the top game engines through…
THIS IS THE BIGGEST GAME CHANGER THAT IMPROVED MY GAMEPLAY in FUTCHAMPIONS !!!
me watchin competitive games right now
This is what I'm looking forwards to most to be honest!
This changes everything
I've just been doing the Serie A online icon swaps objective and Balotelli has been amazing for me. goals and …
fifa and egg bacon toasted sandwich perfect morning
Here's a example of a cunt our (Objective to score a header) EA Turn the headers off.
Season
Who as a CAM
FUT ICON Token Chase - RIVALS La Liga Challenge LIVE NOW!
MY FIRST EVER ICON REVIEW IN FIFA ! BEST WEAK FOOT PLAYER? via …
Finally!
Big if true
What's even worse. Actually football players are promoting this game and they dont realise in the long run there go…
an objective mode needs to be put into this first owner stuff in rivals is stupid coming up against god fuc…
Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro play …
Wake up people. Were being robbed.. parents need to know what this game is doing to there kids... (STEALI…
Best full-backs FIFA : wonderkids to sign - Red Bull
FIFA Download PC
JUST HAD SOME INSANE PACLUCK!!! …
Sweet but Deadly.
FUT comeback by Lingard
Coming soon - x Ultimate Team: Draft Edition!
New RTG Episode! Red Faces are back, got a bit angry because of the animation responsiveness …
Facts from Albert Einstein If you can't elain icon trading simply, then you don't know it well enough...️…
Legendary AI on Squad Battles is already strong, I can't believe they made it stronger. 🤣🤣
INVESTMENT IS UP SUPER HIGH IN PRICE IF ANY ONE INVETED IN KRAGL FROM YESTERDAY'S TWEET IT HAS PAID OFF BIG TIME…
Any fans fancy a game of PS4 Only
Winners Last Saturday Pre-Season Tournament hosted by Rotherham. Winning /6 Games and scoring goals and on…
It's over
Surely being sold a broken game should issue some money back or free packs??? …
down more to do for icon swaps All squad battle objectives done in-l…
Thanks bro! Good to see that profit rolling in …
EA after releasing the recent patch notes fixing a fitness glitch nearly a month into the game
Huge update coming to is it starting to look more positive? Just going to have to watch this space aren't we.....
If this is true I beg I get red Mcginn! I have picks I can just tell I'll get fucking Cheryshev and Larsson.…
Road to Drogba update : /12
Live now over on grinding some more icon swaps objectives so come and chill
st icon swaps done 🤙
Its illegal what there doing and you lot of dopey twats are letting it happen, Our kids are turning into gamblers b…
Actually it's really hard to enjoy my work as a Coach - of course i do it with the same effort and motivation as al…
BREAKING: Career Mode has finally fixed!!! ‍️‍️‍️
Snipe investment: mins different with good chem then bought back for my own use. This is to target impati…
Wow! ⃣ of our guys have reached top last Weekend League How many wins did you guys get this weekend?…
We're coming out punching at the international break with a special on tonight's podcast recirding. We'll a…
New FIFA Patch (title update ). Key fixes: . shooting and passing lag . Offsides . Rivals/Squad Battles po…
We will miss the fitness glitch Hasta la vista, baby!!
Old Black Leather Football Print Available Now only £4 …
Thabo Nodada and Taariq Fielies brought FIFA Skill Games to life by going head to head in a shooting challenge W…
Finding rivals hard for the icon tokens, struggling hard with gameplay this year, I need lessons or something haha
This game is done for
is the in real life and in | |
Not gonna judge the patch until I’ve played it
Nerfing attacking options in this state of the game is really. Drop back, AI defending is too strong and you nerf t…
Doing the thing...
FIFA Title Update 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Leaked image of Me playing Champs this weekend.
OMG! FIFA PACK OPENING [GONE WRONG] | XBOX ONE PS4 GLITCH FREE COINS | SATIRE AM CHALLENGE…
Surprise packages When did the
NEW TITLE UPDATE IS FINALLY HERE!!! It is now available on PC, soon out on PS4 &amp; Xbox one Check out chan…
THE BRAND NEW PATCH!!! No right stick switching fixed, nothing about drop back, nothing about AI defending, nothing…
Every time I come against -4-2 or -3-3 it’s so hard to break down! Any recommendations on which tactics to use fo…
WHAT THE FUCK HAVE done to v1 ? You can literally only score a cut back or rebound goal now. is now just an RNG fest
Good bye fitness glitch.
+ King Power Stadium = Tomorrow ️ :00-16:00 - -12 years :00-19:00 - -18…
by far the worst one of all.
Twitch RTG Starts today! No FP, Stream only RTG! GET IN HERE!
Knew I wasn’t going crazy Credit where credit it due Let’s go!
New FIFA update! EA holding their hands up to your players having issues before passing and shooting creating a…
FIFA Reddit: First Owner Objectives are a brilliant initiative - RealSport
FIFA : FUT TOTW Prediction (Ultimate Team of the Week ) - Lewandowski, Alderweireld, Depay &amp; more - RealSport…
I don't wanna hear you guys talk about gameplay responsiveness anymore. From now on please use animation responsiveness
FIFA Reddit: First Owner Objectives are a brilliant initiative - RealSport101
NEW PATCH (INCLUDING CAREER MODE FIXES)! Available now on PC, soon on PS4 &amp; Xbox One! Thoughts? 🤔
Qualifer Underway FIFA Championship. The Scene Here is Crazy. City is Living Up to the Hype…
WE BACK WITH THAT ! Rivals Icon Tokens grind CONTINUES !! Some one save me befo…
ULTIMATE SCREAM IS NEARLY HERE AND LEVANTE PLAYERS HAVEN'T RISEN TO MUCH YET SO I THINK THEY ARE A WORTH WHILE INVE…
Career Mode Fix Patch Incoming!!
We are going live! Hopefully we hit followers today on our twitch channel! Patch Notes, SBC's and Div Rivals a…
It's been a fun ride guys
(Switch) - £29.56 / (XB1) - £37.56 / (PS4) - £38.36 Using Code
Just a reminder that daily gifts are still on for logging into the web or companion app for fifa ! …
Fifa very very cheap hybrid nations around the world sbc,, featuring rated walkout
Let’s try hard in the division for a top this week end ! Let’s do it !
Grabara Simpson Elphick Schindler J.brown Chalobah Bacuna Diakhaby O'brian mbenza Grant Subs Schofield K…
Fifa Marquee Matchups predictions: the teams set for this week's SBC challenges in Ultimate Team
title update is out on PC. It is ,4 GB big and fixes various bugs especially career mode.
Is there any fifa whatsapp group?
We got a massive Update coming that sounds like it will make the game playable and Chapter immi…
Career mode update.
Title update for positioning fixed Fixed offside calls "some" animations fixed in regards to 'D…
No one: Literally no one: Not a damn soul: EA: We patched the fitness glitch
Big update info
A lot of changes coming to FIFA Career Mode in the next patch. Sadly the glitch with Champions/Europa League wil…
I sometimes go through spells of either really loving creating content or not being fully into it.. since c…
FINALLY!!!!!!
so the problem with fifa are the animations guys New patch coming out for consoles next week.
Carlos Vela SBC is definitely worth doing. I was able to get him for under k. Doesn’t fit in to my starting team…
*NEW* : 5 Released on
Live on my channel -4 Uk time hope to see you here
Wesley has been doing great in the this season! Rocking him in your squad? We've built a team on a budget for…
Patch for FIFA ! Read the patch notes here:
"Player's were not being properly impacted by their Fitness level when playing a Match"
Stats app
Great goal by Gareth Bale
Do you think they should bring back the daily knockout tournament? 🤔
This scene 🤟
Qualifer underway Bigil FIFA championship. The scene here is crazy. City is living up to the hyp…
No more
New title update is currently rolling out on PC for Will be on PS4 + XB1 at a later date. Full notes
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Road To - First Owners Team Seri Access…
Smashball Series for hits Irene tonight: Walk-ins accepted after pre-booked players have ch…
Had a hard last few days but back on the videos at the weekend
MATCHDAY! |Campionato ª Giornata | Divisione 🆚| ⏰|22.45 Live on: ️:…
Next session?
We're buying FIFA coins for PS4. Our safe trade method will keep your account, and we will offer a good price &amp;…
So how many Icon Swaps does everyone have after days, I am currently sat at and currently completing the Dutch…
Morning, thanks for all the entries emailed over for Goals of the Week The video of the top goals (as decided…
FIFA tops the charts, Witcher on Switch, Wargroove 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PLEASE GO IN
Don't think he hit his controller hard enough
Squad Goal for the next Week! Any suggestions?
Since i cant be bothered playing anymore think im going to play some for the rd time in my life try and get into it
So I’m trying to do my Icon swap objectives and I keep coming up against teams like this
ICON Swaps
Calling All / !! I'm looking for cool people who want to collab with me if you do send…
Div Rivals right now...
Finally. Team seems to be finish till TOTY &lt;3
Watch 's first EVER game of
Want a full refund for games broken sort your shit out
Wait for it...Only in Squad Battles Legendary Difficulty do you see this (hint : Goalkeeper) .
Finally the survey came to Its end. Thanks to every one of you for answering. SURVEY A…
boss has transfer listed year old striker Ibrahima Niane with boss…
I'm starting a new FUT service DM me If you want to pay your way to the top in PS: Fuck .…
Loving the icon swaps grind! What card is everyone gonna grab first?
New video online on my YouTube channel : ◾Tags◾ …
Icon Swaps promo is ___________! fill in the blank
If there wouldnt be Icon Swaps i would have uninstalled the game. It is a mess to play this horrible shit.
Omg new ultimate scream card revealed
Another super solid night of streaming on ! Went -1-1 in Division Rivals mode, ranking up to Divisi…
How much is ?
Please!!!
Cup window in Seasons on is about to close in minutes and can’t find anybody to play me in the final. Ma…
is probably the most complete entry the series has ever eerienced - read our full review...…
same.but will sell the wig for
Go and check out my latest FIFA video, it shows you how to find really effective player…
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. Youtube Channel: …
Yes! Lets go!
Won on bid last night. Price this morning is k and rising
INVESTMENT TIPS VALENCIA CARDS HAVE STARTED TO RISE FOR THE HALLOWEEN ULTIMATE SCREAM EVENT BUT YOU CAN STILL INVES…
I've figured out how to score from a corner on you have to be the CPU, it's that simple
FIFA on top of UK charts for the rd consecutive week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Not bad at all for the first draft of the day!
Number one is in the books
THE HUGE PTP PLAYSTATION with or £150 CASH A Full Years Subscription to Play The…
Anyone using a BENQ monitor for FIFA? What is the best settings? I’m currently playing on the “fighting” setting- w…
fucking saves is ridiculous.
Get your hands on our Green Old School Football Print, Perfect for Framing and Hanging at Home. Only £4 including d…
An Excellent Example of a Youth Academy Player: : + So he can be promoted to senior team. : High Over…
player upgrade packs are OP.
Is it just me or do people find fifa20 tracks absolutely brilliant?
Anyone know if career mode opposition team sheets have been fixed yet? before I start a career mode ..
teams in particular that they might use for Halloween that'll include new teams; Dinamo Bucaresti - The Red Dogs…
FIFA Review - -
Hi if anyone could read my tweet and help Junior, I’m sure he’…
Hey CHRI5 TEN TFF (), thank you for following me
Ultimate Scream sur FUT : le guide :
have placed defenders on the transfer list. The left back and two centre backs are all ra…
Counter Attack from last night baby
Yes finally Fifa20 touchdown. Time to update. Thank you .my
Stop telling me which player should be captain.... especially when he's not even made the bench
When your counter attacking on pro clubs and the ref blows the whistle...
Fifa Insane Pack Opening - I Packed a rated Icon via …
Witch one better
Paul planted &amp;loppy&amp;; kiss on train passenger as sexual assault trial begins 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PLEASE 🤬
Coming soon ⏳
GOOD MORNING! FIFA ROAD TO GLORY Our Delay Champs finish ... rewards and Pre order packs! …
Old Bobby Firmino has been as good in game as he is in real life for me! % worth the coins
Recent Twitch Work for Let me know your thoughts! ️+ appreciated Message me for work. …
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best k Team – Williams, Gnabry, Brandt &amp; more. …
that is all....
THIS METHOD HAS GONE REALLY OP AGAIN SO QUICKLY GET USING IT WHAT YOU WANT TO DO IS QUALITY SILVER/ CHEM STYLE BASI…
After from 🇸🇳 , from 🇨🇮, another amazing africa player gets into Div on , it is…
Most frustrating thing about not being able to play FIFA career mode is that the gameplay in my opinion has been…
If your planning on doing the rivals then I would get them done this week as loads of people are in same…
W2 TOTW (Horrible week with major delays on Sunday, hoping for G3 OP)
Cross Atlantic Gaming Episode - Game Pass Roulette episode. Need something to listen to while heading to work?…
Thanks to those who joined the stream last night, apologies for the saltiness of the stream, Rivals is not my thing…
Verified Player on from Morocco 🇲🇦 north of Africa. Sponsors and Companies associate your brand with this…
Just to show some reference on my previous tweet, this Sancho with Hunter chem sold at k earlier. Follow…
Had to give up half way through the th season, everything was going really well and realism was almost there but t…
W2 Stats Squad Size: Cost: k Record: -14 Top Scorer: 🇫🇷 Top Playmaker:…
won't improve it much over the next month or two... final exams ughhh.
my donnarumma really reached without any training, really nice dynamic potential oh career mode how broken are…
Check out our latest SmallStreamersConnect hosting clip! wick1337tv playing …
We're hosting wick1337tv playing with viewers on Twitch! Connect with them!
Cheap FIFA Coins, FIFA Points, FUT Coins for Sale. Buy FIFA Coins, FUT Account Cheap wi…
Concrete Just Barely Makes UK Sales Chart 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
no wonder people make switch to my club transfer system is an absolute joke mangers etc I have s…
GOOD MORNING WHOS READY FOR SONE SNIPING FILTER AND INVESTMENT TIPS I WILL HAVE ALOT COMING OUT TODAY SO MAKE SURE…
Zero flow in WL leads to rage opening a few low packs. Immediate boost to the starting . …
today? s for k and under look like a good deal!
I am /12 tokens atm and if I do the MLS one I will be /12. That first owner thing has ruined quite a bit of eer…
Slowwwww but sure /12
Just played a division rivals match on I was -1 down then I won it -3 it was one epic comeback wit…
FIFA Volta Story (Hindi) Walkthrough! Part - The Semis! Watch: Like. Share. Subsc…
Surely a fresh card from totw2 and a highly valued one at that price was worth it ?
i had a games loan on Crespo now idk if i should do Hugo Sanchez
I want Drogba but is it worth the grind boys
– Celebrates Million Players with Free Volta Coins
Hey what is the issue here
Airliner Photo of the Day • …
MY running is accurate 🦖 🤣
Waiting for all Indians, can India make a place for world football?
Wow bro, look at your coins And your team looks dope already I'm not buying , its still broken. Played i…
k Premier League Squad Builder - Fifa Ultimate Team via …
Probably my best pack yet! Hypeddddd
TOTW Prediction!
Police: Man raped woman who asked for directions in Hell's Kitchen
im just gonna call myself
Best song on soundtrack
Dem Kits Tho
Check out Man Pro Clubs
Highlights from this weeks FIFA Action via connect with me on all socia…
Football: EPL transfer news; Leeds United, PSG, Nasser al-Khelaifi, Andrea Radrizzani, richest ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
You Should Be Playing FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Button delay in Career mode, I’m done
Good morning! Have a great day evryone How's everyone's icon swap grind going?
We are live in Five. Got about % of my paperwork sorted so its time to grind out some icon objectives on …
You Should Be Playing FIFA - GQ Australia
Cheers to the worst show on television
Save % and get PS4 FIFA From Aljazeera Playstation 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Fifa community really is the most toxic. I feel like after most games win/lose I get messages getting called trash…
Typical Rivals match...
Another DC and I don’t get the win. This is the th time now in days come on
FIFA Download PC
will celebrate ,000,000 players by gifting ,000 VOLTA Coins to players who play before October. Play…
Mo is hands down the best card I've used in Perfect hat-trick, right, left, head.
I played the race card deservedly against , one thing I absolutely need to say is is bloody am…
At first I thought had made a game with solid gameplay w/ , but after playing quite a bit thes…
Turn your volume before watching
For all the 🇺🇸 fans this is almost a guranteed totw. A solid budget CDM in the bundesliga. I’m definitely excited…
Anyone who says Bronze Pack Method doesn’t work is insane. I’ve made over k in the last days. Turning over my t…
Finally had enough player cards to get my guy Carlos Vela
FIFA - Ultimate Team: National Pride SBC /4 (Italy) Reward via
Well done to Fifa Pro &amp; player 🇦🇺 Dylan is now VERIFIED!!…
Finally completed of the Online Icon Tokens. Golds. And Prem. Can’t imagine how hard the other leagues will be. H…
WATCH Squad Builder - Building a Competitive k Squad - Better Results all for about two fitty…
How many FUT Drafts have you won in ? 🤔
k Premier League Squad Builder - Fifa Ultimate Team via …
C'mon!!!!! got a few good players out of about packs tonight! I'm happy im improving that squad…
LIVE from coast to coast. Come watch like never before seen.
Imagine how good could be if the people that made it actually watched football
NMS squad so far!
Honestly , the only way to make the best game ever is getting rid of Delay and have better Ga…
This game is such a mess, it's not even enjoyable ! Too many rebounds, You can't take the ball no matter if you in…
Are people on the EA Forums paid shills? I’m genuinely asking, because the amount of people saying this is the best…
I need everyone's helps to see what player I buy to complete my squad! Come help me out on stream and make some coi…
I would mass bid for Schmeichel if you can get him for under ,500. He is almost a guaranteed for TOTW .…
These players pack (upgrade) are insane!!
I'm ready for more - VELA time!
Did I just beat an R&amp;B Legend in 🤔🤷‍️ Somebody online got you looking shaky out here . S…
Late night stream with Come hang out!
Play the Quiz &amp; Win M Coins! Who are the top rated players in including the ? To join here…
I could make lineup of same player if allowed me to Earlier I had more jensen Please do Something…
Even if you score a header in FIFA it's ruled out
objectives down!! It’s been fun playing a ton but Christ man lol these wins are sweaty!
We are live RIGHT NOW doing live trading and making coins! …
First YouTube video is up! The vision I had didn't come to fruition, however, it's my first video and it will only…
Estoy live!! Chillin on menus and completing SBCs! Come kick and bullshit.
Taking Salford City to the Premier League mate
Wtf is this I have lost my Europa league stamina just because of an unknown error Although I was c…
Son Makes this look so Easy!!
Was Playin Mode in as a manager with Chelsea, my contract got terminated after one season , idk how i should feel Now
Congratulations to the winner of our giveaway!!! Well deserved
These Rival Objectives are stupid
To be honest while playing k on I think final conclusion is &gt; …
Love how the auto clearance prevented me from scoring a winning goal...
career mode question. Season about to begin, I’ve been promoted to the premier league with Ipswich Town.…
Could have been an amazing goal had the game not had input delay?
Do not buy complete waste of money.
Whoopsie....
One word why playing on PC is always better MODS Unlock all Prime icons to try offline? Career mods to fix all…
Grinding Squad Battles for these damn icon tokens. Sexy football tho
down, to go to bring Keano home. Tough slog!
L I V E Tell me something positive about fifa . Search your soul. There’s…
Making coins on fifa SBC accounts
TOTW5 Team predictions by are live in our blog. Feat. 🇵🇱 Lewandoski 🇩🇪 Gundogan 🇲🇽 Chuki Lozano Chec…
Cop or drop? FIFA is here — and we think it’s surprisingly good
Complete or Nah? All of those players are untradeable , so about K to finish (Around K Tota…
Fuck your game, ! This was on the screen the whole game. So many glitches on reddit too.
Its october
For script not exist game manipulated by script malicious I NOT BUY IT, I'M NOT STUPID
It's that time again! Streaming on , focusing on my -2-3-1 formation Ultimate Team! Come hang out w…
ICON GRINDING SHOULD I GET ROBERTO CARLOS!?!?! JOIN AND LMK!!
YES! packed Toni Kroos
i'm crying️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️️…
Games : The Witcher ideas, life without Fortnite, and Silent Hill: Escape hate 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Skill Games 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
current team, I switch to a -1-2-1-2 (2) with Jesus, and Lozano up top, Costa CAM! Getting Lenglet and Ter Stegen…
Packed Thiago Silva after completing a SBC
First one, Roberto Carlos here i gooo
I'm Back! Live! Did Anyone Miss me?
Jeez. I think they've modified quite a lot of the physics and dynamics compared to FIFA . Not necessarily talking…
not really sure on what to do, especially being a Chelsea fan and loving Drogba but don't know if I will get tok…
Getting these icon tokens
Which combo is your favorite for the Icon Swaps?
hey as soon as you address deflected shots, broken goalies, understanding how the offside rule actual…
Live now on playing some . Come enjoy some real Monday Night Football on one of the best str…
Auba goal scoring numbers aren’t great right now for me laca and Pepe scoring for me
There’s no more chances to play rivals , WL and other kind of modes on UT specially in my console Xbox One , the ba…
Rivals gring. Lets go
traders. What are your successful tips for earning coins so far? Sniping? General trading? Bronze pa…
Second year in a row baby, let’s get it
Silver rb calcio b method made k plus tonight example below …
Power slideeeee
To the guy who just smoked me in the online draft final. I just packed my first icon.
Pepe scoring a lot of goals for me
PACK OPENING
Streaming some
really going backwards at this point.. defending is absolutely horrible, might aswell never tackle the ball…
Cop or drop? FIFA is here — and we think it&amp; surprisingly good 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Selling Coins k = £12 only. Only PayPal DM if interested
I just played + I've never played a sports video game BEFORE. My friend did Shareplay with me on our PS4s '…
HAHAHAH this game is so rubbish. You're hopeless
No offense but packing an Icon in would suck.
games of ultimate team later decide to hit the difficulty up to legendary for SB, and Pukki bangs in …
Still live grinding the Icon tokens.
Bout to hop on stream to do the Icon Swaps objectives. Can I get through all of them in one night to get Giggsy? St…
For once I can say thank you
rd Weekend League Ready?
THEM SKILLS !!
FIFA Download PC
Don’t celebrate don’t don’t feel good because you scored from a counter attack with a long through ball and your wh…
Hopping back onto that grind tonight at :00pm PST. Would have started at :00pm PST, but I need to finish…
My gf just asked me y am not chatting her on WhatsApp like I used to do. I lied that I was playing meanwhil…
Playing with my nephew️
Which icon swaps (1) choice should I take? Prime Roy Keane or Pep Guardiola and Nesta Please Vote
If you need any tips for FIFA and how to make more coins - go and check my latest video…
UK : FIFA remains at No.1 and Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair enters at No.31 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Everton&amp; Digne retweets a stat that shows just how good he has been 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Inven Cast: Putting the Sports in Esports 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
If your just starting out on or and wanna get a good set up for cheap go to…
LIVE football NOW! with
Going live NOW! with
Come join me on stream! Playing some more as the grind for Owen begins.
heeeeyyyyyyyyy do you know how much delay do have on division rivals... you guys…
That moment when you score a last second goal to win the game! Lol …
SNIPING FILTER GREAT FILTER LOW COIN BUDGET HERE IS WHAT TO DO QUALITY SILVER/ POSITION LM/ LEAGUE EREDIVISIE / MAX…
Just when I thought the impossible couldn't be done, made worse than
UK : FIFA remains at No.1 and Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair enters at No.31 - Herald Publicist…
Right it’s a bit late in the UK but I wanted to ask you guys what you wanted me to play for the morning livestrea…
Match de championnat PC Ligue 🆚Bonobo Use Salt ⃣ …
FIRST OWNED(5 objectives ) players smh...🤦‍️ I barely have one(Keita,EPL)that’s “useable” to actually compe…
Thanks everyone for the follows! Close to goal lets get it FIFA TIME!
When the Fifa Gods are on your side!
LIVE!!! Join me on for some Fut rivals as we make our way to Weekend League for the first time in…
Imo Harry Kane’s FIFA should look like this. Kane is not the fastest player but is so wrong. Should be around…
Thank you for letting me score my most filthy goal of
Seeing this get leaked a lot and would like to put the rumours to rest. This card is % real however will not be…
done with rivals for today. Near k skill rating so secured Rank . Still can't join div tho. Need a few more qu…
Upgrades?
use my link an save % on for your favorite came …
live playing some which is much better than watching stare at a blackhole Tune in and chi…
Please go watch my Video. Spent a long time editing it. Let me know how I did. "Us" FIFA The Barca Boys…
Fifa (PS4) for £38.36 EBay / The Game Collection 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PlayStation - EA Sports FIFA SONY PS4 | Brand New Sealed 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA – Review 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Team of the Week Predictions 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Thank you to everyone that has followed me and is growing my channel so many followers over the days i have been t…
️ Match Result ️⃣ 🆚️ 🆚️ ️⃣ ️ ️…
Haven’t played competitive FIFA in like years. Great to be back.
To do this card or not to do this card, help meeeee decide..
Please fix the servers
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best k Team – Williams, Gnabry, Brandt &amp;amp; more 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Corr what a pack pull
just played a guy in rivals who took the lead -1 min and then he kept possession until the final whistle in his…
More goals like these please
only walkouts on I get are goalkeepers
Fifa Pro clubs player wanted!! CDM/CM, LW/RW. Lemmings FC road to division
I’ve been pounded -1 or -1 by guys dropping down FUT Rivals Divisions to complete objectives... but I’ve also be…
Back again today playing some come hang out gonna switch to something else later so stay tune…
I just packed on Holy !!!
No. Just no..
Looks like Xbox Live is down so fortunately I can't play .
A in the UK named 'CSF Barbering' is offering to customers who can beat the shop owner Co…
Icon swaps grinding who else?
I would invest in tadic, ruffier and hamisk try to get for less than k
Lets go totw predictions anyone?
Who wants a free
Can you elain why “Racism” is a censored word?
Any changes
Selling FIFA COINS PS4 DM if interested. BUY FIFA COINS EASY!
Le millions enfin atteints !! Road to m !
WE LIVE !! Rivals Icon Swaps Tokens grind !! and Packers v Lions listen party !!…
Finally got the courage to play my first weekend league on stoked not stoked haha.
unreal player
to the Full manual Team Prime Keane next up, Scholes, Rio, RVN fo follow 🤪
Are the Ea Servers down???
POSITION CHANGE TRADING LIST FOR YOU SO WHAT WE HAVE IS CAM PLAYER AND YOU WANT YO SEARCH FOR THEM IN ST YOJ CAN…
If my guy does a no look heel flick pass thing imma run in front of a bus.
Don't know why and don't understand, but the gameplay and servers were great this evening.... For the very first ti…
FIFA MLS POTM VELA REVIEW w/ PERFORMANCE STATS …
I wonder if I enter the Konami code when I log into fifa, will it make the servers less shit.
EA FIFA review is available now , Check it here AND DON'T FORGET TO FOLLOW US …
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best k Team – Williams, Gnabry, Brandt &amp; more - RealSport
well it was rough, but finished the icon swap objectives... probably shouldn't have done this in two days…
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best k Team – Williams, Gnabry, Brandt &amp; more - RealSport101
All Icon Swap objectives completed, it was definitely a good grind!
/12 what a grind loved it and hated it but my god it was long GG EA for making us grind love it …
This in SK Gaming - Draft Story Cup II 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How to Do Lateral Heel to Heel Skill Move in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
West Ham United scores partnership with Bundled 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Nvidia&amp; RTX and RTX graphics cards are cheaper than ever at Best Buy 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
NBA : Is there any hope for EA&amp; struggling basketball title? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Top UK Games Chart: FIFA Is No.1, Again 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I am live at FIFA trading, icon flipping &amp; general fut and football discussion! Come a…
IVE JUST BEEN DDOSD ON FUCKING FIFA I CBAAAAAAAAAA HAHAHHAH
Had a lot of sales to lazy buyers today, one of the best things you can do is always list your cards. They cant sel…
If isn’t in the TOTW need to make some subs to there team. What a Hit! ️
FIFA TOURNAMENT Enian 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Highest Rated Strikers Quiz 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
&amp;;FIFA &amp;; makes it three week in a row at the top of the chart 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PS4 Brand New - £37.56 with code The Game Collection eBay 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Tops the UK Charts, GRID Debuts in th 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Whats the best timing setting to use for fifa timed finishing so its perfect shot 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Does delay exist? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Selling k coins
Possibly the worst red card in FIFA history! I don't even need to write…
First Set Done. On to Rivals in the coming days
I've just made Two player packs, who do you think will be the best player I get is?
Hey can we get a first owner filter in UT please, thank you.
If Harry Kane doesn't get an inform this week, f*ck FIFA .
Pure Filth
This was the hardest thing ever!
Im Live! Come check it out Icon swaps and getting better
Been like this for mins.... Such a broken game
Selling fifa coins; cheapest around, DM ME
launch HasBeen eLeague club, will begin play Winter Season.
I love on but I have neither.
Just a quick tip for anyone with a lukaku OTW card if you are want to get rid for some profit then he has been pred…
New addition to the team
Sniping Filter for Kieran Gibbs isn't very good, the profit margin is very high but the cards don't show up enough…
Just realized i had rashford in my club this whole time. HE SELLS FOR K WTFFFFF.
Random Update: Likely skipping Weekend League the coming weekend. Doesnt mean we wont be streaming, but just prbly…
The FIFA community has got to be the most delusional gaming community there is. Like, millions of people completely…
Little risk-free tip for you guys, elaining my thinking behind the previous tweet. Arguably the best, most meta C…
Anyone have any recommendations for, ? 🤔
'Take a shit first owner team into a competitive environment and destroy your overall record to earn an Icon Swap T…
FIFA simulation featuring Napoli going up against Liverpool in UCL group stage.
SUMMARY | | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | | -2 | -0 | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ |…
is broken it’s a joke!
I'm not great at the game, I just put in the effort
SBC pack and i get this beauty tradeable!
better late than never i guess 🤷‍️
When the real Luis Suarez turns up in -1 up man down just seeing the game out
These Division Rivals Icon Swap challenges are miserable lmao.
People are using the G disconnect glitch in Drafts.
unpopular opinion; low-key trash
This type of shit should be banned and I hope nobody actually pays for this kind of dumb shit! …
Can't hold my water went for the first one I could get, played with him last night.... hmmmmm
Just won the with on Career Mode (Legendary Difficulty)…
more followers till we hit followers on Twitch! Streaming some FIFA live trading, icon flipping and more!…
Just a few examples of in the past few days, flipping s of cards over the last few days using this me…
Arthur Friedenreich: [Goals] - ,329 [Apps] - ,239 Josef (Pepsi) Bican: [Goals] - [Apps] - not a singl…
Things you do to try sort out the connection on FIFA, nothing wrong with treating yourself🤷‍️
I can’t be the only one seeing the value, right?
Club Brugge a fast paced club with a ton of potential and no big reliance on youth academy at the moment. OR Stoke…
is soooooo trash , the gameplay is sooooo delayed cant even dribble around players NOBODY BUY THIS GAME !!
This park the bus bullshit needs to go or the game is dead in a month.
Dead ass tho
The playlist is decent too.
FIFA Career Mode Episode | Sunday Premier League Football via …
Discord is looking at good! We're making a lot of coins there!!!
I uploaded a FIFA trading video which aims to help make you loads of coins! Show some…
Fifa night with 🥶
Just when I thought career mode in fifa couldn't get any worse. Bayern Munich don't have enough players to field…
The bane of my existence
Competitive season Nearly starting and I have made my decision to sighn with for and ma…
might have the worst servers of any video game. The game can be different everytime i play. Will you do som…
LOOK AT BURKIS HAND BRO. SO SCRIPTED.
Think i just won ultimate team. Keep or sell? No other one on the transfer market. …
My flips are already looking good... Ignore Laporte as I bought him to use.
I honestly hate . I would really like to return this terrible product for a refun…
Gave / another go. Never has it been clearer that EA aren't even trying to make a game about footbal…
FUT needs tournaments back!! They have been warned...
SELLING FIFA POINTS CHEAP DM FOR ENQUIRIES.
My game has been stuck on this for mins, winning -0 great fucking game is
loving these crazy What A Knobheeeeeaaaad.. look at the movement sheer class.
WE HAVE A WINNER!! congrats to "Jose Larco" that just won the FIFA champions edition FUT code!! I wa…
How is this a red card ???? Fifa is broken ...
is a good idea for lads in division but trying to win rivals games in division with a gang of fuckin…
Any traders interested in sharing their filters (and their links) in-app? Hit me up! Tag your go to people who you…
Because Career Mode is broken and being ignored by the devs.
Any GFX guys know where you can get FIFA20 colour charts, FUT Champs images, walkout board images etc, remember las…
Apology accepted
I am live trading, pack opening &amp; icon flipping! I'm on the road to followers! more to go!
for you boys &amp; girls..
just imagine IF ......you know glad that i won this game
When you watch pack on his RTG live on Twitch.... Put your reaction in a gif below! GG's…
GRINDDDD
Selling k message me intrested
Wow yhe state of this gameplay in rivals nite
Aight, everyone (or anyone) that plays ’s I need help. I’m very indecisive about who to get on…
Ea need to fix it so when someone quits you get the win it’s a joke we’re drawing he scores a goal in th min then…
Neymar is injured everyone will panic sell on FIFA! It happens!!
This Icon objectives are decent but could’ve been better if some had the ability to be completed in Friendlies or o…
INVESTMENTS ARE PAYING OFF IF YOU BOUGHT IN THE CHEAPEST MANCHESTER UNITED PLAYERS THEY ARE ALL HEADING UP IN PRICE…
Mbappe is the worst player on Fifa ducking shit
Best formation?
The shooting system in volta is horrible! Not once since I've started playing it has the ball gone where I pressed...
Seriously the amount of money we pay for Fifa and things like this happen.. Just a hint of a back pass.…
About ready to take the virtual pitch for with the squad.
This guy is unbelievable
weeks into fifa I'm done.
HALF TIME!! - and cruising against Quality Esports team in the VPG s league.
Check out Rodolfo Gaming's Bradford City CM! Via
Who do you think will be in TOTW ?
We doing carlitos vela bois??? I’m tempted af
THE FUTURE OF SCOTLAND IN CAREER MODE! Kieran Tierney (LB) -&gt;86 Age: Scott McTominay (CDM) -&gt;84…
did people got relegated to the lower divisions to complete the objectives? I have skill rating and it takes m…
I swear i hate playing rivals on i wanna get better, but this gameplay is just not playable
FIFA Tops the UK Charts for the Third Week in a Row - PlayStation LifeStyle
Streaming fifa for the first time! Pro clubs with my mates having a laugh …
Those who are wanting trading tips for fifa do head on over to this guy! Highly recommend his streams and his ti…
Anyone else having issues connecting to the servers right now?
FIFA Download PC
Welcome home!
Do you think FIFA Career Mode be FIXED before the November Update? You’re thoughts.
For the third week in a row, tops the UK charts, ahead of Ghost Recon: Breakpoint.
Check out this awesome brother of mine , he is playing right now!!
The road to becoming a full time streamer for weeks starts now! Playing for a couple of hours, swing by…
UPL PRO CLUBS | Season OFFICIAL MATCHWEEK FIXTURES MatchDay - THIS Friday PM MatchDay - Saturd…
UPL PRO CLUBS | Season OFFICIAL MATCHWEEK FIXTURES MatchDay - THIS Friday PM MatchDay - Saturd…
Tough Chelsea side to face
Nice little surprise in my Marquee Mathcup packs!!
Who will make 's first international TOTW? gives his predictions, including a POTM update…
Go and watch my most recent FIFA trading video! It will make you a LOT of coins! Subscr…
LIVE! - TRADING - Icon swaps grind! - SBCs - Admiring how great is after that…
such a good feeling! what a grind that was!!
start of the season …
Full are LOW &amp; ALL availa…
Saving up coins to get Larsson in is he worth over k?
This is what happens when makes objectives forcing us to use bad players against our current skill le…
Really enjoying ...
New Video Out Now! Click The Link Bellow/Bio To View! 🤡 …
Eriksen must be the worst player I've ever used on
Road To Glory babyyyyyyy
Do I get pep now ? Or get Rio then pep ?
Got my first-owned league squads ready for the Icon Swaps objectives tonight. Garfield's mouth is watering 🤤…
I want this. Dont care what the haters say about ‘slight upgrade’. ~400k for this card at this stage of game +packs…
is by far the most disgraceful version of the title to date, never in my life have I wanted to give up on a…
Never thought I would say this, but as a Scotland fan 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 I'm delighted England hammered Bugaria tonight!!!…
Soooo..today's video is taking many hours to render, so there may not TECHNICALLY be a video today. I guess it's do…
SNIPING FILTER ANOTHER GREAT FILTER TO GET THEM COINS FLYING UP HERE IS THE SET UP QUALITY SILVER/ LEAGUE EREDVISIE…
When the scripting starts to kick in on ultimate team
I did not understand "attacking is the best way to defend" until i played people who use legacy defendin…
No stream tomorrow folks, taking another day off and then going to stream days in a row this week. I have a few…
LIVE!!!! Twitch:
The Flash Squad is fast approaching members! ️ The more the merrier! Join the squad and make the coin
New + pack opening video coming to the channel by pm tomorrow …
Icon swap challenge EPL ️ Ligue1 ️ Bundesliga️ Goals️ Laliga is killing me, just suck with them lol. Be bac…
Just packed Aguero!
Basically is based on what Pelé says he did
This headache is stopping me from getting pep.
What would you change? Would you go for a cheaper bench? Am I holding coin in subs I won't use much? Feedback appre…
You motherfuckers FIX THE FUCKING CAREER MODE i paid $60 for nothing
I wasted k for the Alexis Sanchez OTW just for him to suffer a month injury 🤦‍️
I like being able to choose a female manager and naming her Babes Wodumo
Don’t buy/play FIFA
Boubakary Soumare -&gt;87 Age: CM/CDM * SM/3* WF Value: €10.5M Wage: €23K Real Face: No Fut…
Kick Off Glitch
An England player should be getting into TOTW after these matches... Ross Barkley ️️🅰️ Raheem Sterling ️️🅰️…
I need to pack an icon asap for my team so I can link everyone
wins on fut champs. Didn’t even have to sweat at all. + wins will definitely require some sweating and more fo…
ELITE SQUAD BATTLE REWARDS NOW LIVE! I will be live every Sunday PM - :30AM to open your Rewards. The best R…
-6 So easy for it's like
What the hell is with th minute goals on Fifa??????
I am live at Come and hang out for some FIFA trading &amp; icon flipping!
amazing day off yesterday live for the night
Been playing for a good couple weeks now and can safely say it’s the worst one in years. So much wrong with…
Check out these current G2A deals using our affiliate link …
Is Kroos any good this year cause the pace is scaring me a bit
Took a while but getting into FUT this year. Building a strong squad and this formation works so well for me!…
The fifa team just competed in there first tournament but we sadly got grouped meaning our run is ov…
Bruh, I just watched a streamer pull up clutch for his -0 FUT Champions and then he cried. I need to cop these feels
Carlos Vela MLS SBC is now live in !
The IG Dragon, , competed in the first Qualifiers this weekend! Although few resul…
Looking to get PS4/Xbox FIFA streamers together for a tournament. Cash prize for the winner on each side. Ideall…
Assists for Kane, Goals and an Assist for Sterling &amp; Goals and an Assist for Barkley, do you reckon one of th…
A couple pulls that I had last night
Episode of my RTG is live now! Discussing all things Icon swaps and my first weekend league this year! ch…
Trading Guide | Guaranteed Profit for Ultimate Team! | | Start Building Your Cash Pile!
Pro clubs in high divisions is so boring, cut backs, drag backs and % possession per game
Sterling to get hat-trick run around FIFA style dabbing and doing ssshhh celebrations
And there’s sterling’s second Now has the potential to feature in
FIFA - Ultimate Team: National Pride SBC /4 (Germany) Reward via
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
Hi I think there is a problem with my is there anything you can do?
Come on don’t let racism and those scum of the earth take you off the pitch!!!
I literally feel like Bulgaria when I'm playing fifa online
Thoughts...
For the nd Weekend League, Galactican achieved Elite Record: wins and losses Catch Cowler…
….mor…
Fifa at its absolute finest I can not believe it I hope everyone in your company gets aids 🤬
Dang I still can't decide who I want to get
Watch ReflexRaptor90 play some Ultimate Team, and hopefully rule the pitch with an iron fist.
Episode of the Newport County RTG series is out now Like, comment and subscribe
With Forban66 a great playmate | …
Really dont get the upset/frustration people are feeling about the release date, its only weeks later then…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: National Pride SBC /4 (Spain) Reward via
About to go live with some Fifa Ultimate Team. Brand new team for some rivals grind. Dro…
POTM Vela Looks good value, rated squad. No packs back but could be useful for those MLS and st owner objectiv…
NEW GLITCH UPLOAD FIFA …
How the fuck am i meant to do the objectives for the icon tokens in Div where it’s all just super teams and nobod…
Ep of the RTG is uploaded and today its all about rewards! Rewards for an SBC Squad battles and pre order are re…
People just realized that FIFA is plagued with the same main issues as FIFA ... Disappointment is getting stro…
Gonna get the Giggs icon I know it’s probably trash but at the end of the day it’s Giggs and free. Also an rat…
Player of the Month | MLS Carlos Vela is your second player of the month from the MLS. When we look at his card he…
Gold ! Eecting good first owner players for the objectives!
Fifa has to be one of the worst games that has come out so far. This is supposed to be a football simulator game…
Is it just my FIFA20 where the GK and defence is shit? Seems easy to attack and impossible to defend …
When you want the skill points on Fifa clubs instead of your mate …
I am now LIVE!! Plan for the stream includes: Squad Battle Pickups Trading Tips for all budgets TOTW5 Potential…
Insane k pack opening!! via
Go and check out my latest FIFA Trading video! It shows you how to find really good pla…
Initial thoughts on - it's all about pace and dribbling with defending taking a significant step backwards.…
Drop in matches on Pro Clubs
Pick that out ya cunt
For script not exist ridiculous game manipulated by script malicious I'M NOT STUPID
Why isn’t Ansu Fati on
Who wants a stream tonight? Icon swaps grind! SBCs
Racists of any breed, just fcuk off and die...When we are -0 up on this pathetic excuse for a team and set if fan…
/12 icon swap token complete. used some weird teams and formations.
Live RIGHT NOW w/ some more Come tune in to decide my team:
Selling coins dm me
curse strikes again 🤦‍️
LIVE NOW! with some Pro Clubs on with the lads, Come revel in how shite we are!
Monday Monkey Madness After a long weeks of getting everything sorted im finally live with a brand new channel…
let’s show the set of Bastards,and being on every black player we have on our bench,Tammy Tamori,etc…
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! FIFA POINTS PACK OPENING! - FIFA Ultimate Team
Well done Billy x your rating on should now go up 🤣
taken just over two weeks but finally had my first rage quit
[NEW VIDEOS] THE RESURGENCE | FIFA SOUTHAMPTON CAREER MODE Watch Here: L…
Yo how about you let us have more acceories on like sunglasses normal glasses more clothes a w…
Full respect to our England travelling fans for their calmness. Opposition fans told to leave the stadium. …
[NEW VIDEO] Dzeko, Your Time Has Come! WE NEED A STRIKER!! | FIFA AS Roma Career Mode Watch Here:…
I tell you something about , he does not like wing backs !!
-8 This week guys. Not disappointed with that as I think in FIFA20 current state the gold rewards are more valu…
[LIVE NOW] What: With: FIFA Ultimate Team Where: Kangar's bac…
The packs are ready to be opened and some Division rivals are ready to be competed in on our Road to glory LIVESTRE…
Follow for sniping filters and investment tips! This Adnan sniping filter is amazing! Picked up cards in mi…
For some content for my fellow soccer/FIFA fans for the first in about a week. I spent today playing career mode an…
Dont normally lose my head on here but FIFA are a fucking disgrace! Rotten from the top down. Why does any player h…
Marcus Rashford Alright....Alright....Alright
Going live in minutes folks !! Playing tournament. Race to Division champion
Eden Hazard's very first goal for in mode!
Saint Maximin on is fucking lethal hahaha
is by far the most BS game I've ever played. Find it funny how well the game played in the first week and through the beta.
FIFA at best price on the market!!! …
Take The Red Card !
Ross Barkley has shot up in price due to scoring goals tonight could we be seeing ross Barkley staring in TOTW5…
A video of shooting media and political opponents shown at his supporters conference: New York Ti…
OK, so here it is. I got it wrong with the ICON Swaps. I am loving playing with new teams and grinding for those sw…
Playing a German player in rivals -0, I can't take a shot. Rematching the game in FUT friendlies Peer to Peer -0
Everyone go sub to my new youtube channel and like my vids please its called Fifa and more its a new channel thanks…
Heard you guys cant score headers on
Sometimes a black hole would be an improvement on the EA servers and FIFA gameplay
Evening everyone, I'm live over on Twitch with FIFA , so come chill out on stream with me. I will be.... -Openin…
ROSS BARKLEY IF INJECT IT INTO MY VEINS
Brilliant stream. Never nearly had a heart attack doing an SBC but thanks so much to for having me on. …
which team should I go with? Prem is the one I have now
So disappointing!!!! Not what it should be about!!!
So my main squad is still performing really well for me but my second squad just isn’t that enjoyable in the attack…
[BIRTHDAY STREAM] What: Where: Greggo is live with a sp…
Yari Verschaeren -&gt;87 Age: CAM/LW/CM * SM/3* WF Value: €6M Wage: €2K Real Face: No …
Everyone go subscribe to my youtube channel and like my vids please its a new channel and i will be reviewing playe…
Heard you guys cant score headers on
what icon swaps should I get
Hope after fix the server delay and the other issues they get round to needing interceptions cunts…
Carlos Vela POTM is a pretty decent SBC, worth having in the club for a while at least anyway
I know Iniesta is great but he’s fucking invisible in my game
Prime Icon Moments
Heard you guys cant score headers on
Hahahahahahhahahahaha Steht so original im FAQ zur Switch Version von . Good Job …
Okay okay can we discuss . Not his performances in the premier league but on . What an absolute beast.
Thanksss 🤩 st of 🥇🥳🥳🥳
Messi is so much fun to use - even on EA's crappy servers 🥰
if the late had a fut card! RIP King!
Last chance for Fraudiola to redeem himself
once salah is on the run on , don't bother chasing him fam
WE ARE LIVE New Squad | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Rivals | Packs…
Anakin had for his birthday, sets up Wales match...."where's ?"
Sing loud fans and drown out the racists
Idk if I want to risk it since I recently pulled jorghino yesterday, REEEEEEEEEEEEE someone help a homie out
Inaki Williams is a rocket in real life and on . Pace - , Dribbling - , Shooting - and Physical - .…
So here we go with the prediction! Looks good,except the passing.... …
is down. So i guess will do for now
/12 Road to Drogba update
is for the people!? No but actually a great looking card without decimating your coins, I’d say go for it…
And he's done it again
Ive made pretty big profit so far.. he sells for mil
LIVE NOW ️ FUT CHAMPS RECOVERY️
I dont need to speak words to describe this....
Match Day | | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | ️ | :30h ⬅️ | :50h | ATHANS SuperClubs…
what can I upgrade with k
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
Why does the low cross always over shoot on its flying right past my ST /10 times, who's clear on goal, ev…
Congratulations to our FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) Winner: - - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15…
FUT VERIFIED had to play all his games on Sunday... Despite this - Liam achieved a fantastic rec…
Need a marcus rashford IF and to get him for reds.... that would be mad
This is my vibe on shout for this one! 🤙
Great way to give a press conference...
Brand new Fifa video will be uploaded by o clock !!
Having to wait another month for the rest of the icon tokens is a killer I just want the legend Gerrard in my squad
ICON SWAP SCHMEICHEL REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
Clutch chip from Jadon Sancho to turn a loss into a draw!
Would you say that a great first season if I win the Premier League and FA Cup in the Arsenal career mode
Music and football. Fifa Seasons. Let's jump the divisions! If anyone fancies a friendly, lemme know. …
Late upload is up! Road to Glory with Mane, Salah &amp; Son scoring bangers for me &amp; Squad Battles rewards! ⬇️⬇️⬇️…
When everyone is playing their First owner teams for Icon Swaps and you keep playing your first team because you ne…
Sick link up Julian Brandt (CAM) &amp; Kai Haverts (ST) have on my Squad. They have a strong telepathic chemistry
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
learning the shooting mechanics in Volta requires some sorcery 🤷‍️
Bulgaria fans questioning why half the stadiums been closed... "We cant be racist, our right backs got a tan"
Cmon .. This is fourth time this happens. Lost over k eerience because of this. …
Issue number with Career Mode this should never be possible. What are Everton trying to get relega…
ICYMI: I uploaded the th episode of the FIFA PMRTG on my channel! We get a sick player…
Genuine question,Should I apply squad fitness cards to my players?
Currently working on a new concept regarding an upcoming event...
Get involved!!! Winner not picked untill entries! LETS GO!! Tag a mate, hypeeee! …
ANOTHER SNIPING FILTER THIS ONE IS LESS COINS BUT STILL AMAZING TO BOOST YOUR COINS HERES WHAT TO DO QUALITY GOLD/…
If I can't win with Allan and Militao in this horrible gameplay how am I supposed to win with first owner Matic and Phil Jones?
Well...I don't even know what is even going on in this game. The AI decided to subsitute and than this happend...li…
Been recording today but can just trigger so much anger at times
time for fifa rage …
Career Mode might be broken and unplayable beyond the th season, but it's still a million times better than Ultimate Team.
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Milestones Objectives (50 Rivals) Reward via
Another clear video
He looks great
I‘m just different class.
Lets play a little see what happens
My first icon flip of coins profit, not bad.
Imagine winning a draft and the best player ya pack is Cillessen
anyone have k spare i’ll shout you out if u give me even k?
Just packed in a gold upgrade pack. That’s the same thing as getting the POTM SBC right?
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
Playing squad battles on FIFA is horrendous. Starting to wonder if the tokens are even worth it!
Feels ridiculously good.. best set up ive had so far.. W L with this in weekend league. hopefully juat maybe som…
Real fun stream today! was decent, genuinely the best game mode on the amount of fun you can ha…
Knew I should have done the Mkhitaryan otw sbc.....
Anyone want to play pro clubs on Playing on PlayStation Don't need a mic and it's nothing serious but at th…
This is the worst goal ever in fifa history went through a player neck and the GK thumb!!!
What the hell is this 🤣🤣
This weeks Marquee Matchups League predictions If you want safe coins buy players from the top …
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Objectives (Bundesliga) Reward via
There is more chance of me winning the lottery than a pass going to my player on , seriously, it's fucking…
A new year begins I hope it will be like the previous one Go to
All I do is win trophies. th in the world.
Nowwww lets get it started 🤩
The winner of the St Mirren branded copy of signed by Jim Goodwin is......... . Well done, Tomm…
seasons rank: th
Lol Here we Go again...
People are starting to hack peoples xbo to get wins now? 🤷‍️
Absolute scenes at Old Trafford in Episode of ‘Rebuilding Man Utd’. Check out the full video here…
Mid Gullit flip: 🇳🇱 Profit: k
When you set up your striker for a sitter to win the game in the min on pro clubs &amp; blows it
New career mode begins as trying something new
Tonight's team for the World Series!
Carlos vela cost us k great value sbc after using all the untradable rubbish I had in the club &amp; a worth while super sub 🤪
Fifa gods hit again
LIVE Been on the Atlas grind but it is now time for in the World Series! …
Playing a game to get promoted in FiFA seasons my last game then it comes up FIFA ERROR knocks the game off serious…
Had to
Butragueno this year is up there with the best players I’ve ever used on any fifa seriously mental card
️ | The VFL World Series has begun! Come watch us represent
Torn Apart
a pro using this team against a tekkz sweating rivals out because he needs first owner serie a players....nice syst…
Let's start the week with good vibe!We finish FUT Champs Gold (19W) decent for me atm.We play Rivals tonight.Let'…
EA Corruption in the game!
FumingPongo going Camino a a division (FIFA ) live at
Craggy Island over 's goal save, enjoy
Boys we hit Elite in the second of ! My Road to Glory is off to a great start! Thank you for ev…
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
Once I get Followers I will do a ,200 Fifa Point Giveaway
I'm LIVE... again Objectives, objectives and more bloody objectives …
Good Evening All live with some for some action PS4 Fifa Pro Clubs action Please excuse any la…
is a bug-filled piece of trash. The developers don't care about the players or their game. Nearly weeks s…
Sold Dalot for k when this is his average price 🤭
FIFA summed up in a video...
ICON SWAP BALLACK REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
THE SECOND MLS POTM!!! VELA!!! Only K to complete the SBC!!!
Only more online and more offline challenge left to do for the icon swaps to all be finished ggs to…
Lindelöf tripping over Alisson to score an own goal pretty much sums up my entire existence
Welcome
Couldn’t stream Friday due to work, and been chilling this weekend... how about a stream tomorrow evening i…
or the game 🤔🤔🤔
LIVETraining for with Grazer e-SC.
if had a fut card.
My yearly tweet of respect to Top Squad Battles players. If you want evidence of Dynamic Difficulty in a FIFA g…
/4 games won! We’re on a roll!
Read my article for on the best young players to look out for in by , als…
Is it just me that gets an objective that requires a win in rivals &amp; then draws every single match for like years…
Sometimes Fifa community can be toxic but in general, I love this community and all Fifa lovers...And no matter we…
th minute of the nd half.. No one: .. Stadium announcer: The th official has indicated there will be a minimum…
likes and retweets for another k coin giveaway! Like Retweet Tag three friends …
Grinded all week for this ... 🤦‍️
Looks like are using the most trusted pro formation to get the win. 🤣
If Aldi made footballers...
FUNNIEST PRO CLUBS…
Has anyone used Pep Guardiola on ? Not sure what icon to choose from Icon swaps!
Welcome Vela! 🇲🇽
Check out the Spotify playlist where has two songs featured! Make sure you grab t…
Not to suck my own dick, but I’m fucking class at the new fifa and I’ll smash anyone who thinks they’re better than me 🤷‍️
live now on k fifa packs and career mode …
Thoughts on my team?
Live Now On Leeds United Manager Career We Go Again …
Career Mode Episode !
Shoutout to all the lads who are looking hours in a black hole
I do it to myself every year. But is starting to wear really thin. Some of the gameplay on Rivals just makes no sense!
Gonna play my first wl since fifa next weekend, got any tips?
Anyone got any ideas on how to improve this team, -2-3-1 in game and aguero is untradeable. I have k atm
Comment below some upload ideas you would like to see. Please, I need help. Lmao.
Best Chem style for pepe?
When time is your friend 🤷‍️ vs 🤦‍️
EA promoted new manual defending,it was gr8 until now it has gone back to fifa a…
WE ARE LIVE! RTG + GRINDING GERRARD ICON SBC!
(Switch) - £29.56 Using Code
* GIVEAWAY * RETWEET THIS AND CLICK THE LINK AND FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS TO BE ENTERED!! GOODLUCK
Madden : TOTW Prediction (MUT Ultimate Team of the Week) - Diggs, Murray, McCoy - RealSport101
Just things
MLS POTM SBC out now
Carlos Vela SBC completed easy and low cost, now to do the eensive Josef Martínez …
Get involved guys if your a fifa lover
Top stream today lads, Huge props to for the month RESUB! Absolute legend. JazzHandSam with the rai…
MLS Player of the Month for Sept, Carlos Vera 🇺🇸
FIFA FUNNIEST GLITCHES &amp; BUGS
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY FOR ONLY K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
Marcus Rashford Allan Saint-Maximin Moussa Sissoko Ten players responsible for thousands of broken controlle…
This is where it begins, watch this space. Elite certified!
It took an hour of listing cards before getting a listing ban on my console, to the web app i go!
When FIFA hasn't been out long...
I have uploaded episode of the FIFA Road to Glory! Go and check it out to see who I p…
Who's done enough during this international break to make it into ?
Does anyone know how to find out how many Rival points you are ahead of rank ?
Vela with Hunter chem does look a bit naughty
And just like that I'm not touching till an update comes out I'm not dealing with the stress and wrist pain this game causes me
Selling Coins k = £12 only Only PayPal. DM if interested
RTG EP LIVE ALERT -Elite Squad Battle Rewards -Grinding Icon Swaps -Potential squad upgrades after…
Well.... I broke my first ever monitor cheers at for your brilliant gameplay keep doing what your doi…
SNIPING FILTER IS HERE HERE'S WHAT TO DO QUALITY GOLD/ POSITION DEFENDER/ NATIONALITY BRAZIL/ LEAGUE EPL MAX BUY NO…
Simply the Best Carlos Vela is the player of the month after a record-breaking goal-scoring seaso…
I’m going to be upset if he gets a mvp card.
quand je tombe sur le trio martial rashford sterling en fut champions
Live guys!
Official Roster
+ EA Sports - Big Fail in FIFA + This is FUT Champions, this is FIFA. At the end -8... why? That's one of …
How overpriced is martinez compared to vela
This method is still working now
Starting a poor mans road to glory. Here’s my team after weeks. What do u guys think? …
Ed Spells has a new IF in packs NOW Get a$ap rockslydale!
Sign up before noon on Friday, October to secure your spot in the tournament. The champion will receive…
Fifa is going off right so far! Completed all of the icon swaps so far, Elite in SB, Gold in Champs …
Retweet if you haven't scored a header from a corner on FIFA ️
Hi Can you tell me how this ball was offside?
Top UK Games Chart: FIFA Is No.1, Again - GameSpot
NBA : Is there any hope for EA's struggling basketball title? - RealSport101
Vela SBC analysis: As far as MLS cards go it’s top tier. For k and an rated card with future sbc value tha…
Took weeks to trade to Messi. Quickest I’ve ever done it. Gonna try this team out. What teams have you traded to?…
The market is so buggy atm for me, it's not showing me every card listed when I'm searching cards up
Let's go!
Another MLS POTM complete, Vela &amp; Martinez together will be deadly imo!
Anyone managed to get a player to lower than fitness on because that’s as low as I can seem to get anyone
really wanna do that vela but linking him is such an issue. only thing stopping me tbh. anyone used him already? reviews?
Live in ten minutes, grinding icon swaps
This game gets me so fuckinb triggered. Dont even know why I play the fucking thing it's not even fun. Not a single part of it
Imagine being K coins short on the best snipe of the Year 🤡....
When you miss a sitter on one end and the opposition scores straight after on
me and the boi
Just lost a game -2, I had shots on goal My opponent had GREAT GAME
Gets me every time, nice one Suarez very cool!
is now live!! This looks like a sick card and very cheap!! I would recommend everyone do thi…
Fortnites still down, go watch the North London Derby1
Tbh it would not of taken to much to rip me away from but fortnite chapter
How many people are doing this because of objectives?!
Are you guys doing POTM Vela? k seems cheap.
. my formations keep changing to -4-2 mid match. On every online game. Did this with too....wth.…
My MLS investments gave me a lot of profit🤑 Zlatan Ibrahimovic Bought: coins Sold: coins Martinez…
Which team should I get? Poll in replies
Our first tournament together, looking forward to it and how it all pans out for the teams tonight. Vamos eVo &lt;3…
️ This Week In FUT - WEEK ️ TOTW Prediction Oct POTM Update Week MM Prediction Great looking …
If i just finished that with REUSSS
This new game can drive u nuts world class strikers missing seaters player switching is at an all time low
Hey fans, Of course we released content on a Holiday! When have we ever NOT provided content on a holiday?…
Currently grinding Squad Battles for the . Any tips?
Get In The Club Ya Wee Beauty
Just had Mahrez and a Lucas Hernandez sell all in the same hour, did I miss something? …
...Socrates in action!
I don’t think odd thousand is bad value for this card...but you just know Vela due another special card with the…
One of the good things about international breaks, they usually give us a good ! is back with TO…
Messi is by far the best player I have ever used!! Best pack ever
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
Is it just me that never has delay in champs yet as soon as I go into rivals the game has a stroke? I lose less gam…
⬇️YES! WE ARE LIVE!⬇️ TODAY we will be looking at some trading methods t…
No record breaker card for but a SBC!
Min. player from MLS TOTW Team Rating: Team Chemistry: Carlos Vela MLS POTM now available!
Pls pls fix the AI teams- AI teams transfers on career mode they are so un realistic that doesnt make sense to play…
First couple of packs we get an inform!
Tonight’s stream?
Someone at Konami deserves a fat raise. Two weeks after releases a broken cm with no timeline for fixes…
Morning Deals Would Of Seen You’re In The Private Discord Who Still Needs A Invite!? 🤷‍️🤩 …
Currently subscriber away from , if you enjoy content with the occasional video thrown in t…
k For Vela, usually he wouldn't interest me, but we are gonna need st owner MLS players at some point so that is tempting me
We’re live! Nice chilled stream
MARQUEE MATCHUP INVESTMENT Newcastle Jets v. Central Coast Mariners this is an derby in the Hyundai-A League ther…
There we go Parejo at 5k - over k per card! Bringing in some coin for the
Let's go! is going to represent in the this season. Let's do this Leroy! C…
WE WANT LEAGUE SBCS
That Mata SBC stuff looked way way too dodgy for me to be able to believe it. Especially for it to come today.
k for ter stegan looks like a right steal looking at his stats. Hopefully he does the job for me.
Min. player from MLS TOTW Team Rating: Team Chemistry: Carlos Vela MLS POTM now available!
Might do this Vela POTM for an rated squad he’s a great super sub, sick First Owner Player for Objectives &amp; MLS…
What’s everyone thinking?
POTM Vela 🇲🇽 You guys doing this sbc?
When they finally release a Vela SBC &amp; it’s not even the we wanted....
MLS Vela SBC live in game! Only one squad required, rated inc IF
Some flips, bought yesterday night - sold today.
Hold time days Profit per card k 🤑 M
*NEW* : Carlos September announced for
Finally! is mine now!
When someone messes up in pro clubs and claims its because they had " LAG " …
Fifa put the Volta logo after their hashtag even though all people do is complain about how bad ultimate team is on it
Disappointing that Carlos Vela comes in as a POTM rather than a record breaker! Either way, he will be cheap to do…
POTM Vela...worth it?
The first squad got me wins in the weekend league. The second squad is what im going to be running this upcoming…
The state of Fifa Ultimate Team right now
MATCHDAY! |Campionato ª Giornata | Serie B 🆚| ⏰|22.45 Live on: ️:…
Genuinely can’t be bothered with atm, pack weight is woeful, the content even worse and them refusing to re…
just bring your keeper out and they can’t score coz this game is so delayed
We are looking to trial a striker, a cdm and a CB for the upcoming season we will be trialing from tonight commen…
Simple, quick and profitable trading method guides here --&gt;
Rip to everyone who picked Sanchez for the OTW sbc.... I was one of those people
This past weekend was crazy since it was my birthday and family came to visit. I had literally no time to play or s…
Thanks to whoever paused and unpaused for no reason within seconds after me scoring the second goal because u made…
Oh I wanna play so bad. how's the gameplay?, any new improvements?
If it's on Friday a loading screen/promo video should appear in next few days.
Rebounds need to fuck off
Can’t seem to play FUT Rivals at the moment! Currently Rank &amp; coming up against teams I should be destroying but…
POINTS GIVEAWAY HAPPENING NOW!!
Who wants a guide on icon trading? I'm talking in-depth analysis and elanations not just a pretty graphic for th…
King Lacazette with the scorpion kick goal
k+ Profit from Born Legends SBC!
Who should I get?
That’s not bad pack to open
WE LIVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE PLAYING COME AND ENTER THE FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY!!
dealing with EA's trash game is bad enough and then there's top level players dropping divisions to get icon swap c…
feel like this could have been SOOO much better! The original fifa street had actual branded clo…
Seriously EA?.........
FIFA worst FIFA of all time
Thoughts on the -20 shirt made by ? ️ …
What a pack from Born Legends SBC!
well someone with a fake leak has just made me some coins, but if it turns out to be real..........
How is there not a “First Owner” filter while searching for players in your club?
So with Fifa career mode the morale drops if you dont lick their arse in interviews. I'm not about constantly kissi…
When You’re Drawing A Match On &amp; Your Keeper Decides To Parry A Catchable Save Right Into The Opposition St…
WOW! From Born Legends SBC
nice goal nice kit .
Going to be streaming some around :15pm GMT seeing as Fortnite is down! See what packs we get and play som…
People out there packing Messi and Pele and my two best based on ratings are TOTW Doherty and Michael Fuckin Keane
Flashback Predictions! The predictions were made before the Piszczek SBC was released so that is why he is…
Even Verratti Doesn’t Know Why He Got A TOTW
Help me build my team! These are the players I have in my club (untradeble /11 or players I like (De Jong, Kimmich…
Draft chill ! live at
Another chance for a good Link investment.
what a touch
FIFA ️ Pro Clubs🆗 :30pm Division Be there.
Potentially flashback Mata coming tonight. Look at getting some Chelsea players and Spanish players.... Don't go cr…
goals via nice kit.
Not too sure what time I will be live tonight but % will be! Plan for the stream includes: Squad Battle Pickup…
RTG VS PAY TO WIN SQUAD BATTLES REWARDS via
so apparently it is this which is making him go up although it looks fake to me as I have never seen them do a twee…
🤩The nd FIFA Weekend League is complete! 🇫🇷 Lucas "Lucryo" Belatrech Score: -3 ️ 🇮🇹Marco "TactualStrange"…
*LIVE* ELITE SQUAD BATTLE REWARDS 🤑 ICON SWAP GRIND BEGINS !!! - FIFA... via
Not sure what has made Casillas go up by coins in an hour, but loads of my Casillas that I have listed are sell…
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £30/30$/30€ Order through DM for steps.…
NEW VIDEO!! 🤯 I had some INSANE luck in my FUT Champions reward packs...
My fifa FUT draft starting . Share me yours if you think yours is better.
I use this guy as a ST in a and he’s amazing!! Doesn’t get enough credit on this game! …
So gives me this sneaky tip: try to get him for -1400 coins and sell for more than -5k⭐️⭐️…
First people to register then upload their best gaming content to win a free t-sh…
Season of my Sheffield United career mode has started! We start with some huge transfers and the community shield…
If I concede the video ends... via Another video for you guys.
What’s up Twitter. Thought you’d like to know about the gaming video’s I’ve made. Just some fun. Let me know what y…
Here’s your chance to win a copy of signed by Youri Tielemans! 🤩
Get unlimited free coins in FIFA . To get free coins and points click here and complete h…
Joe piggots agent is from lazio??
️ The Matchdayyyyyy October :45 🆚️ 🆚️ Live strea…
Live On !!
Has Neymar been influencing my Carlisle United players? Wtf is this lol
Check out Fifa UT!
All of us who bothered completing his OTW card
Hey I’m not getting my money’s worth on because is riddled with bugs this year. Can…
Took days off of . I’m ready to keep pushing and growing! Tune in tonight at pm EST for some …
GOOOLLDDDDD ONNEEEEEEE! Rewards finna be lit ‍️
Is there any need for Alan Macanally to be repeated over and over ffs heads bashed with it
What are you guys doing on fifa today? I think I’m gonna grind some of the swaps objectives. I wanted drogba but…
The nd Weekend League of is done and dusted. After a rough st weekend with mixed results an…
How is Piszczek people? Have Sancho and him in my squad debating on completing his FB card
Players (16+ and mic) wanted for Xbox VPG Championship. Represent our grassroots community club Sandiacre Town FC.…
Thinking of making a tutorial video based on replays and cut scenes on because no one seems to know how to…
Didn’t think it was possible for a Fifa to be that bad as it was last year. But have outdone them…
En live -
Sometimes I just don't know what to say. Thankfully I didn't lose the game
FIFA20 ROAD TO GLORY EPISODE - WEEKEND LEAGUE GAMES &amp; SQUAD BATTLES REWARDS …
FIFA : How to Do Lateral Heel to Heel Skill Move - Twinfinite
Which would you go for? Griezmann or Son?
if i were ever selected to do a feature squad for
Fifa20 is still ass
FUT - Rivals New Team - !teamflex
Three at UK number one for FIFA - Games charts October
Is back working????
️ The Matchdayyyyyy October :10 🆚️ 🆚️
Castros reaction after hitting that -0, wow
Matchday : (H) v (H) v (F) v (E) v…
Ca rage quit
Meme Monday
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
FREE AND Need I say more?
It’s here... ️️️
FIFA hat-trick as football sim remains top of the UK Charts for a third week - Destructoid
Simulation League Table &amp; Standings. Youtube Channel:
Best National Teams - based on their Team Rating
FUT Champs is like a walk in the park compared to these Icon Objectives. I love them though as gives us something t…
THE FA CUP JOURNEY BEGINS! (MK DONS CAREER) | FIFA (XBOX ONE) | | via …
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! (FIFA ) live at
MARQUEE MATCHUPS PREDICTIONS
⏳ HOUR LEFT TO SIGN UP ⏳ FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) - v1 (EU) - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15 to t…
amazing see me mosalah in via kit. hnmemories…
Not only the Turkish... Not only them...
Hi guys After a long exam times I’m back to business! I learned the market all way long and I’ve got a lot of tips…
Absolutely loving draft mode at the moment! walkouts, that are rated...we now have over m coins! Not bad…
amazing see me in via kit.
Very boring
/12 ICON SWAPS achieved more to go
Almost k views on Thank you so much everyone
Ohhh no... hahaha, the keeper saved the free kick but he bounced of the post and he went into his net whilst holdin…
Anyone used any of these?
We all know someone who can't score on
Sometimes this game I tell you.
Yo im live at streaming - New Squad Build - Rivals - Fut Drafts
Aiming for this squad after my rewards on Thursday Need a bit of luck in packs as well!
Probably the most boring fifa iteration after the last patch, buffing AI back to what it was in FIFA . I don't kn…
So YouTubers/streamers are relegating themselves in Rivals to complete objectives easier. Incredibly selfish. Ruin…
my friend was getting excited and screaming down the mic yesterday saying ... "I just packed dagrealish I got dagre…
Waiting for some updates on Career Mode abd some issues concerning FUT, please fix some of these issu…
Thanks why even let me aim to pass if your ganna not let me pass there ?????
Guys tune in this week as I attempt to do the exact opposite and go -30!
Hopefully some of you picked up john mcginn as he is already going up in price the coins are coming in if you misse…
Only a yellow?!?.
Some solid upgrades will be made this Thursday In the worst scenario we get only Kante
+k in the bank. letting it grow til i have money to invest in an icon right move that was what i did…
Any tips for moving from ish k into the millions? I don’t have a huge amount of time to snipe filters, and I ju…
pep's own messi
foreign talent jesus
I just packed Messi
Watch me get nothing on Thursday lol
for the people who purchased how much are you playing the game
Just seen Castro got -0 fuck off honestly if I had his team and endless Fifa points I’d probably got -0 aswell…
I'm starting LIVE on !
Icon flip and tip! If you have &lt; mil budget I recommend making the max buy now around k to search as you ca…
FIFA Community be like...
Slowly building ready for costa is a beast.
Scream investing. Buy players from clubs with a Halloween theme badge. Most notable one. Valencia(Bat) Best to g…
My new RTG team.. Really happy with how is going this year, although the gameplay is shit.. For a RTG don’t…
These and are supposed to be supporting the community with news on updates, instead of that…
The best ever African to grace the Premier League, and no doubt the best ever African Midfielder in football histor…
- Heyy lovers has a video for you Please Like and subscribe and leave a comment
Just know the two weeks I played Squad Battles on FIFA I got to Elite two weeks running got absolutely no one. Ha…
GO LIVE SBC ACHAT REVENTE PACK OPENING
Best two player pack you’ll see
Hey please leave the Ultimate Scream promo out of FIFA this year. Instead, use your resources and com…
They are QUALIFIED for the FUT CHAMPIONS CUP Congratulations &amp; S…
Odds of in ,838,160 of winning the Euromillions but you’d still have better chance of winning that than scorin…
Helloo everyone I am live right now!! ️ …
I still in shock after this...
Which one?
Special by …
**EVENT SOLD OUT** The event at on the th of November is now sold out. Keep an eye on…
I wanna apologize to everyone on delayed content/no content at all. Been super busy but gonna grind it out the next few days!
FIFA Vs. PES Player Face Comparison Video is Out
Around days until the Beta is released.... which now means days left of then!
Ffs, Alexis Sanchez otw was a waste of K lol
Me when I open a consumables pack
Base icon Nesta,Review. Decent pace and acceleration, great defending and physical stats. But with an agility of …
Can’t beat the epic moments relived complete with the Titanic music!! GG G Fucking G!!!!
Watch my latest player review to see how you can win FIFA points!
Je lance un stream chill achat revente sur ! Let's go !
I'm ready
Highly rated attacking midfielder Xadas is to join for a massive million scudo. Vincente wil…
Reliving a simpler time, when you could ping one in from yards with a single tap of the A button. And yet, st…
WE ARE LIVE! -Revelling in packing Neymar -Upgrade packs pm Content
FIFA reaches million players milestone via
The definitive list of the best kits on : ️⃣0️⃣ great shirts you need in your life ️…
Think you have what it takes to beat ? Register for our tournament on October st for yo…
's is one of the best nine strikers in the world, arguably among the top two. But who reall…
Career Mode - Bury RTG - Episode - Youth Academy &gt;&gt;;
The matchfinder ladders are now open until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All…
You didn’t know you needed this but here’s another reminder that is trash
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!!!! YEEEEEEEEEEEE BOI!!!!!
UK : FIFA Makes it Three Weeks on Top, Breakpoint Stays Second - Twinfinite
Stoppage time goal to get level...thanks for the freekick
Packing De Bruyne in a SBC is a great feeling.
First step. Getting verified closer.. pasa a paso. Come join me to glory. …
Respect This Video .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. theafchub …
The boy's back. Lloris was my main keeper for FIFA so I'm glad to get to use him again. Get to use him for those…
Do you reckon we will get another Flashback SBC today?
Loving Josef Martinez
Love love love this team
Grind your ICON SWAPS guys.
Made a slight edit to the adding sign me up!! 🤙
Hey what kind of bull is this. I grind out to reach gold rewards on squad battles on and get level…
SAVE THE DATE.
What everyones thoughts on chemistry in fifa I personally will play on /8
How I feel when I see someone pack an Icon from a crap SBC …
wins.
Guys, patch can't fix major issues in FIFA , we need a new engine to run this game and new servers, but…
Another weekend league over! Once again Mbappe and Neymar were my biggest threats going forward but WOW! Nélson Sem…
Done a few squad battles last week and today I haven't got a single reward?
FIFA icon swaps: What are they and how to get player tokens - GamesRadar
Oh it looks beautiful
Same shit, different day.
LIVE PLAYING SOME PRO CLUBS - FIFA
Head on over to my YouTube channel to catch up on the RTG Journey, ICON swaps progress, Pack openings, RAGE &amp; hints…
Can’t see for the life of me how you’re able to do the silver weekly objectives. It’s a struggle to score with norm…
What I would do for these guys!!! 🤩
When your mum tells you to calm down on
Fifa20 vuelve a liderar las ventas semanales en UK TOP •FIFA •Ghost Recon Breakpoint •Mario…
UK Charts: FIFA Scores a Hat Trick with Third Number One in a Row - Push Square
k to upgrade. Help please
You can love it, or hate it! always keeps going strong in the UK Game Charts! This week is on different!
Seeing a streamer who puts ££££ into Ultimate Team go -0 just proves points ) Ultimate Team is pay to win …
How do people have so many icon tokens? I have , go outside u bunch of virgins
UK /10/19 – FIFA has a third week at No.1, Concrete Genie just scrapes in - TheSixthAxis
is a joke. Slow and sluggish. Unrealistic play. Button delay.. back to shop for a refund. This game is curr…
Not happy bit with fifa literally every single pack I open is none rare and I'm spending real money on them .
Get ready for an action packed episode of the Newport county RTG later today
🇵🇱 Lukasz Piszczek SBC 🇵🇱 Last Year We Lacked A lot Of Right Backs And This Is The Perfect Stay Back Defender. Li…
Dear EA, why always you've to broke something which used to work? In FIFA20 there…
UK : FIFA Scores Third Week At Number One As Mario Kart Deluxe Races Into Third - Nintendo Life …
Twitter Career Mode : Movie Commentary:
Not planning on streaming anything today unless we get something nice at . Hope you all managed to pick some nice…
In interest of customers please give us a date for the Patch. If has planned no patch…
Squad battle rewards
Hey Fans, Here's a sneak peak of our future content drops and Promos! Dang leaked it.....
FIFA UNTIL FORTNITE CHAPTER ARRIVES !!! …
FIFA Team of the Week (TOTW ) Predictions - Twinfinite
Anyone else having a nightmare on FIFA? Yesterday and today my team can't pass attack it's slow and horrible. Was d…
Thoughts? And how to improve with k
This is sick, Allan for coins 🤣🤣 ,5k PROFIT AFTER TAX …
Fortnite is gone!!1
WE LIVE!!! Getting Nesta done today we need that defensive boost! …
The amount of server disconnects on is an absolute JOKE. I HATE playing Online FUT as it is. Now I'm having…
TONIGHT On Leeds United Manager Career - We Go Again - …
Play brand new at King Power Stadium Wednesday :00-16:00 - -12 years :00-19:00 - -18 years…
FIFA retains No.1 as Grid reaches Top Five -
I forced myself to finish the story mode on and I threw up in my mouth several times... somehow, this story…
+30k after tax 🤓🤓🤑
Everton player ratings for FIFA in full | Squawka
Quite enjoying . Bit crazy when your first own squad gets matched with a god squad but if you don’t care…
Tomorrow starts the youth edition! Get caught up with how Han Yun Mun got to !!
Catch the action live! India vs Bangladesh FIFA Worldcup Qualifier on th October from :30 pm onwards !…
Price Updates LOW BUDGET: Lucas Lima 🇧🇷 LB - upto Rafael 🇧🇷 RB - upto Almost doubled our investment alr…
Just won games in a row on and I feel like god
Second wl and already hit elite with a rtg Maybe this is the year I finally hit top
Ooh yaah,, si Hawa maYengz wakuwe Wana come through Kama throughpass ya ↗️
Decent Squad built so far!
Back on that grind with playing some come hang out doing some drafts/rivals …
Var really needs to be announced at Fifa
For the stream today! What are we doing?
I literally can't wait for the scream team this game is crying out for something a little different
What a way to start the season! 🤩 ⃣ players of our Bundled esports team and ⃣ of our partners/clubs qua…
FIFA : TOTW Prediction (Ultimate Team of the Week ) - Lewandowski, Alderweireld, Depay &amp; more - RealSport …
Scoring a corner for me on is up there with losing my virginity
Ops on the team? Where should I improve?
I managed to scrape Gold with W - L
Reward pack opening with player walkout and it's Hummel!
Still haven’t recorded the throwback fifa ep yet hahah been to busy playing pes 🤫
Great...
Who would be interested in a Cardiff v1 tournament at a venue, where everyone plays as the s…
FIFA for PS4 ,500 Please retweet for others.
Honest Opinion of FIFA via I had to put this in a video to start the project…
Why is the defending so terrible on
FIFA : TOTW Prediction (Ultimate Team of the Week ) - Lewandowski, Alderweireld, Depay &amp; more - RealSport101…
Fifa TOTW predictions: the players in the running for this week's FUT Team of the Week
Do loan players count to achieve Icon Swaps Token? They are all listed as first owner... does anybody know?…
🇬🇧 enjoys third week at the top of the league as and the Impossible Lair debuts at in the…
…
I'd like to say I'm surprised, but is absolutely fucked. So playing , new club, play the first g…
Don’t overspend on positions for squad battles just play a bronze player and sub first min or play off C…
Champions Edition by Buy it Now: …
Lost out to gold cos of this utter bollocks
Weeee did it!!! We wanted Gold this week after hitting Gold last week. A fantastic win streak also gave us …
RTG EP tonight bros! 5pm we go live!! -Elite Squad Battle Rewards -Grinding Icon Swaps -Potential…
Pogba can't even perform against MK Dons 🤣🤣🤣 Now wonder Man United is rated and a half on
Thinking of doing a challenge for weekend leauge. How about a silvers only team. games of pain.…
Thought I'd share a goal I conceded yesterday! Was the game just out to let him get a goal back? 🤔 was the tackle o…
OTW curse strikes again
Back to the future …
RIP my OTW Sanchez
v6.15.0 introduces the concept of "sniping filter presets" for shortfuts premium subscribers! This feature allows y…
Welcome Roberto.
Lol first weekly pack
TOP Wonderkids FIRST AND PRESENT FUT Cards! | FIFA - FIFA …
TONIGHT On Leeds United Manager Career - We Go Again - …
is still number one in the UK charts, after three weeks! Now that's a HATTRICK! ️️️ (we'll see ourselves…
Have to laugh when I see k viewers for on staring at a black hole vs k viewers for …
Is anyone else having problems playing Fifa at the moment? Almost every division rivals game I play I disconnect…
Got loads of new sniping filters and investment tip coming out soon so make sure to follow so you dont miss any als…
FIFA best formation: The -5-1-1 is so powerful EA supposedly won't let you use it on Ultimate Team - RealSport…
Another one done Let's start the next one
"Born Legends" - SBC Investment Guide
Icon swap nesta is in Baby
lllllaaaaaggg 🤬🤬🤬🤬 what’s happening with the servers ??
wins this weekend and verification secured, as for the gameplay I prefer not to speak.
We took for a spin this weekend as the - have a read of our thoughts ️
CL TOP-PARTIEN INVESTMENTS! Thumb:
Have million coins, do I buy:
Only two days before the battles start! Who'll crown champion of FIFA20, Mario Kart &amp; Call Of Duty? …
Reason why not to put cash into
I will be live tonight around pm for a short stream, squad battle rewards and SBC packs, before the online icon ob…
I wonder what fresh air smells like?
Having bought this year, I sold it straight away and got . The difference in graphics and gameplay…
Anyone else noticed the game play is different yesterday and today, my players can’t make a simple pass now…
Going LIVE with FIFA - Rivals, Icon Swaps, Packs and more:
Wickr: quick45 …
Sup! I will be going live today at :30pm UK Time! Will be doing some trading and rivals, then jump on some…
FIFA Reddit: Fans are begging EA to give Joao Felix a face scan. …
Wickr: quick45 whatsapp: +16465359092 …
Does anyone know if loans count as first owner for icon swaps?
What is your current transfer profit? Let me know!
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
k Fifa Xbox coins for sale, cheap, DM me
New RTG Episode!
Why did Rashford feel like a bronze this weekend? He couldn't move, had no pace ever. Always being ran down by …
V4 of the AIO Graphics Mod for has ARRIVED! Fully Licensed clubs and NT's now with correct hotspots!! ____…
Still no fix announcement or fix at all for career mode, beyond a joke now, such a disgrace …
Off chem players are worse then every on just played Dybala at CAM and Sirigu In GK both with all red links…
Is there some glitch on PC that I don't know about? Go -0 down, suddenly disconnected from the serve…
I’ve got mil on fifa, anyone wanna build me a team?
CALLING ALL BASED PLAYERS in City Centre are holding their first…
Good week for me last week mil transfer profit mostly from silver trading
Live on Twitch ! Schickinho_ Road back to Division !
Anyone help? Got this and the bench and k...
- Agents wearing suits with Club badges - Managers are also still some players' agents Working two jobs for that e…
NEW FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY Click my twitter page View my pinned post Follow the simple steps!! x Fifa poin…
Decent or good enough to compete in FUT ?
The players in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Buy Coins k FIFA COINS (PC) for $ 0 - Ashur29 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
You love to see it!🤪
FIFA Career Mode: All the tallest players to sign - RealSport
Looking for league one wonderkids on FIFA . Anyone know of any that will tear up league One?
Can anyone teach me how to play FIFA
Wtf is going on in this game man. The whole menu for making teams is a disaster full of bugs. Cards disappear, you…
Flashback Players, thus far ... and their SBCs details ⬅️
REMEMBER! $10 PSN and XBOX giveaway is still running until th of October PSN link -
FIFA Career Mode: All the tallest players to sign - RealSport101
Finishing is close to impossible
Now Iranian women can watch football Live for the very first time in decades!! Thanks to , who stood their…
How is it possible that made worst than like seriously the amount of crap that happens is unbel…
My pack luck is something else lmao, I'm glad I don't buy FIFA points at all
On a serious grind today! La Liga Player Swaps Online Now doing Serie A
We move.
Reviewing FIFA and the gaming skills at HOP this week on The Den! Catch the entire episode here :…
Finding loads of people on rivals not going for the objectives. Why are you making it harder for me to do it
For the first time in FUT I can feel the improvement of a player when you apply a certain chem style card to him. A…
Coleen Rooney is surely gonna get an In Form card this week
FIFA GOALKEEPER CAREER MODE ! - THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE DOWNRIGHT... via I…
Just scored a header on
Why whene i want to play fifa evry time say connect in your facebook …
Pack luck has been insane this morning packed Ramos &amp; Mane from SBC packs
FIFA simulation featuring Atletico Madrid going up against Juventus in UCL Group Stage.
I think the whole community is in agreement that there are so many things wrong with what are you going to…
Happy with my performance in the first qualifier of the year! A lot of improvements to be made but also a huge amou…
Play with engine revs in FIFA , and elasticos in GRID
So electric has decided to go out not sure when it’ll be on so no fifa for me today. Show me them rewards
Morning team &lt;3
Point-blank saves, instant replies and a from outta nowhere... Dragback FC’s plays of the week!
FUT CHAMPIONS CUP ️ What a way to start into the new Global Series season! Five of our talents qualifie…
The line up for our Pre Season tournament tonight is here!
really shouldn't be but I'm completley addicted to on proper brain teasers!
Yeah!!
We have copy of FIFA Champions Edition available for both consoles If you haven't bought FIFA yet, here's a g…
We're looking to talk to more looking to get into . are able to demonstrate o…
FIFA COINS FOR SALE
Our current team on with pack pulled Mbappe and Jesus tearing teams apart up top
Who do you think is going to get an in form card from the internationals this week?
millions !!! 🤑🤑🤑🤑
Investment Tip - snipe players from Manchester United below their futbin prices - potential marquee matchup aga…
Stream plans this week : Wed : Regular Friendlies against the chat w/ Thurs : Rewards w/…
Want to win some FREE time in the Arena⁉️ Why not try our leader board challenge! Get the fastest goal on…
Pre order packs niced me today
Ben Yedder best player I’ve used on Jesus Christ he’s amazing
prediction — featuring , &amp;
FIFA First Icon via
Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro play …
Goodbye outside world...
Birthday stream tonight from 0pm!!! Join me at: Playing more grinding the Ic…
Thank you EA for making enjoyable... FIFA main downfall was this thing of defenders having the same pace as the attackers
I’m starting a new fifa series gonna be re building Real Madrid like a full re build n I’m actually gonna be doing…
ICON Swaps - Attempting FUT RIVALS
Why is this happening all the time!!3-0 up then disconnected and goes down as a -0 loss!!!!
Wish would do what Epic have done and make the game fuck off into a black hole so we don’t have to pl…
Live on Twitch doing Pro Clubs!!
mil baby 🤑
Icon Objectives Done so far... more to go... And i can say that this has been uneectedly very fun for me... T…
Had to get them all!
Can someone build me a good team around some of these players i have around k …
Good start of the week.
Lvl reward pack thank you what do you say?
Games of the week - Inverness Courier
Alexis Sanchez has a long-term injury. No TOTWs for him
Don't hold this card longer, k for a player that is probably not gonna be in . All I want is the panic sel…
Nah i don't even know what to say anymore, EA have really fucked up Career Mode so badly this year. …
Any ideas where I can buy a copy of with on the cover in the North West region?
The Trump tweet that sums up some fans&amp;; feelings about a video game 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
streaming tonight at pm uk time k fifa packs and career mode …
fifa always the best
I know online gameplay isn't the best but I'm actually looking forward to getting home and grinding towards the ico…
GUYS! I’m doing a Fifa GIVEAWAY (Xbox &amp; PS4) To enter just - Like this Post - Tag Friends - Make sure you’r…
Which Icon are you aiming for? Im thinking drogba! …
So please I didn't bother wasting money on - the game is absolutely dreadful hahaha. It isn't even finished…
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
Tonight is the night..
Good Morning Fancy some Monday Morning tips? LOW BUDGET: Lucas Lima 🇧🇷 LB - bid or snipe under Ra…
I think Imma regret buying this stupid fucking shit game
Randomly packed Lenglet in one of my ultimate edition pack reward. Sell him to get Allan + Manolas? Squad…
Didn't realise these were still floating around
I received only the prepurchase reward and not Squad Battles!
Can someone make me a Futchamps ready team with about k?
Just played a guy with a Chelsea kit and Arsenal badge
Thoughts? k to strengthen.
Bored at looking at the ? Come check out - A fun online gaming communit…
With a lot of packs coming out its not worthy to keep players that are /7 in packs, with that These are some play…
Watching Castros final games last night for his -0 did anyone notice how fast the gameplay was? Smooth, responsiv…
Pjanic, Gundogan, Wijnaldum, Lozano, Lewandowsi, Depay...are in my prediction Lozano's IF wo…
Best player you’ve packed this fifa?
How’s it going dudes? Just in Washington USA 🇺🇸 How’s for you right now? Just caught up on the weekends…
Hey guys please fix this stupid bug! I dont touch my keeper, yet he sticks to the yrd box and away from the attack…
Pepe London, United Kingdom
Day stream today opening squad battles rewards and playing some games
no words
HUGE FRENCH *WALKOUT* IN SQUAD BATTLE REWARDS! | ULTIMATE TEAM
is the worst game have made for a long time. If it was back in the day when it was…
LIVE Rebuilding &amp; Div Rivals
True story ️
That's what I like to see
HUGE FRENCH *WALKOUT* IN SQUAD BATTLE REWARDS! | ULTIMATE TEAM
My squad battles rewards from a mega pack only today 🤯🤯🤯
My defensive is dreadful im fucked
Morning, we are LIVE! I still feel like crap but these objectives aren't going to do themselves. Squad battles rew…
I've got k, where do I need to improve????
shall be opening my pack rewards after playing a little bit of Rivals to be on the road to my icon Come and laug…
Pure pants man, need some beef in my team.... way too lightweight
Premier League Icon Swaps Online Next Up - Win rivals matches using First Owned La Liga players …
My huddersfield town starting line up on
I will buy epic and delete fortnite …
As part of 's tournament, and Dylan McGeouch challenged fans…
Just flipped my first icon: Deco Bought- ,000 Sold- ,000 Profit of coins
idea Why not take create a kit from pro clubs. Add sponsors to packs, sponsors require a sponsor contract an…
So my player on Player Career mode has suddenly forgotten how to dribble, all while Norwich and Aston Villa are fig…
Make sure you get along to our October camp today to find out if you are the lucky winner of the…
Mad how EA get worse every year. Broke Career to the point you can’t even start one because of the issues you’ll fa…
Been using a basic squad so far.. saved k.. need help. De buyrne or Pogba to partner TOTW Ndidi &amp; firmino ?! ..…
Road to Drogba. nd Token Acquired
How can one even defend in Fifa ? It’s horrible. And what’s with these penalties. Can’t seem to even hit the target.
Barber owner gives customers free haircut if they beat him &amp;amp; his staff in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
OTW SBC out at pm according to rumours let’s see
After struggling with time to grind the game this fifa thus far, Im pretty happy with a gold finish tbh. …
I'm % sure that when you play the worst-rated team on Squad Battles a pro player is sitting at the…
Anyways live right now over on
LIVE PACK OPENING !!!
Fuck The Drop Back We Got Find It Here
The AI player reactions are messed up. As soon as you pass the ball, watch how quickly the opponents will react. No…
First part of Ballack is done!!
What's the best formation in ?
FIFA : What is This “Ones to Watch” Program? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Offensive heading in FIFA is so bad I can't believe it's made its way through testing. Not scored a single heade…
First goal from the corner yea boi
Anyone out there want to sponsor my Fifa Ultimate Team, it’s currently shit just need a few quid so I can keep buyi…
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) - v1 (EU) - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* - Free…
Switched to watch me get instantly get depressed when I pack no one
The magic of the cup
What a goal, keeper was never saving that
Tonight’s the Night Brand new channel on Twitch starting tonight. Playing some FIFA Ultimate team. Hope to…
Welcome Ramos, got him for &amp; is now at K
Don't forget today is the last day to get your best goals in for this weeks Goals of the Week competition...…
Need Tips for trading? Follow me and DM me! ‍️
You guys made free kicks too easy I’m hurting feelings
The next monthly FIFA FUT Tournament (PS4 &amp; Xbo is happening live on stream Mon th Oct pm UK time start.…
This is the rythym of my Fifa life. Presented by .
Did anyone get good squad battles rewards? I didn’t.
Weekend League -3 Verifiziert Pukki ️
Start making coins now with our trading method guides here --&gt;
Third week of action in the RocoMamas tournament series hits to Melrose Arch (JHB) and Irene (PTA). De…
Whenever you're ready
It’s school holidays (again) so there won’t be a lot of streams through the day, however I will manage a small stre…
Think you're good enough to play professionally? Here's what you need to do
my packluck described so far
Attempted to grind some FUT champs weekend league on yesterday. wins out of perhaps suggesting that I…
same shit on this week-end on PC ! can we have a fix or we ha…
If you have any questions or want advice, could you tweet me instead of PM Notifications aren't great for PM's an…
Verified ️️matchmaking was far from kind to me lol but managed to pull through. Sadio Mane and Sonaldo are…
Just packed Mbappe in my pre order packs
clips from the NEW ft KARLU TRISTA…
Pretty sick to see this yours squads dog shit though ️️
In store now Ebbw Vale store.
When your parents tell you that it's not about winning, it's about taking part 🤪
Korean &amp; Championships returns to Lagos 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
First good player in a pack! Buzzing!!
FIFA : The &amp;;most stupid&amp;; player rating on every game since FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Keep calm and fuck ea
How did you guys get on this weekend?
Don't worry..I'll replace Southgate.
Okey Is this reaction worth some fifa points because all the money is gone after hours so please help me out guys…
Finished this weekend -10 with this Team Very happy with my performance since I I got -11 last wee…
Smashball Series for this week: Oct Melrose Arch Oct Irene Cash, spot in re…
If in doubt buy a new damn team
We are LIVE (just about) on ! - Icon Swaps Objectives - Sorting out Team - New Tactics - GETTIN…
-2 diese Weekendleague und somit -2 im Monat. Delay, delay, delay... fix your servers
West Ham are continuing their push into the gaming sector after signing a two-year partnership with esports agency…
ULTIMATE SCREAM IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER BENEVENTO HAVE EARNED A SPOT ON MY INVESTMENT TIPS THERE SHOULD B…
LIVE! Day of my PS4 account. -&gt;
National Holiday in Canada —&gt; No EA content?? 🤷‍️
Prices were banging low last night. Hence I bought stuff. 🤑🤑🤑
New PK technique! Are you going to use it?
FIFA now available KES. …
Wasn't sure if Gylfi Sigurdsson would be a good addition to this team... I think I have my answer. Placed in D8.…
Mad how shit I am at trading on
Alexis Sanchez injured until - OTW curse strikes again! How many of you did his SBC? …
Who else completed Guo Quanbo from the swap but he’s not in your club?? For some reason he’s not appearing in my club.
Packed some decent players in my rewards today.
Enjoyed streaming again last night, shame about my Fifa skills but we go again tonight and try actually win more games this time!!
... midfielder Ridle Baku has signed for with Selim Amallah moving the other way…
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. Youtube Channel: …
Gold on squad battles, struggling to get games in the last two weeks ️ Will open rewards Tuesday pm UK time …
career mode season broken af..
Was really enjoying this career mode save, had no bugs, get to my th season and the 'B Team' bug starts ha…
Would love to build to this... Pre-Game -&gt; In game.
Things you love to see..... You’re a shitbag if you quit online because you’re -0 down before half time …
Is fitness glitch still a thing If so how does it work
*NEW* : Prediction Marquee Matchups of October
FIFA soundtrack is decent but not the best . FIFA soundtrack was something else , going through it now brings…
Highlight city
Just doing the Premier League ‘Icon Swaps Online’ objective. Not a great team of first time owned players. Won ,…
Does anybody know if you can continuously play the featured squad in squad battles to count towards your icon swaps rewards?
player upgrade packs OP
Icon Swaps objectives dropped this weekend! Which icon is number one on your list?
Squad Battles Rewards, Division Rivals and Chatting LIVE NOW ON
Team Of The Week Prediction! Robert 🇵🇱, Miralem 🇧🇦 &amp; Georginio 🇳🇱 Coll…
Streaming some ! Hopefully unlocking some of the icon swaps too!
Here is our prediction for ft. Lewandowski🇵🇱, Pjanic🇧🇦and Depay🇳🇱. Collab with:…
Started the day on stream at -3 and ended -3! 🥳 Thanks to all of you for jumping into the stream and hanging o…
You're building a defense, you need one CB anchor, who you picking? …
Before online gaming, kids played football in the streets. Forget Volta, we used lampposts. If you know, you know.…
Can anyone make a case for this not being a pen ? …
FIFA : Drop back fast build up simulator 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA PS4 COINS HACK 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Things to do list for the week • Level up high enough to raid on • Get Elite in Squad battles…
Can we please fix the fitness glitch , I've got like squad fitnesses in my club.
Officially bankrupt!
Dynamic difficulty part . Should elain itself. ⁦⁩
Good morning! How were your squad battle rewards/pre order packs? Also, how was for you? As mentioned…
Another week of SB rewards another bunch of 🤣 I might have enough to start some of these icon swap objectives in rivals though.
Lol. Clearly I am Trash. 🤦‍️
Doing some over prices reselling and some silver trading. I hope every player will sell. …
Dirty style. ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩
Dynamic difficulty part . 🤷‍️ defender stood still and let him walk by after an attempted clearing.
Nothing truly changes in each new FIFA
FIFA Download PC
Dynamic difficulty part . Keeper movement is useless. I move Lloris into position and he does nothing. No attempt…
Early reactions from Attack and dribbling is sooo easy I feel like F2tekkz on the pad Volta mode is real…
Well that was my last weekend league for a long time, Never in my life have a played a game (apart from fif…
Probably had more fun watching a black hole than playing rivals on
Dynamic difficulty part . Watch the ball bounce of my midfielder first with no reaction and then the rest is obvio…
Work Done FIFA Time
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
FIFA Download PC
mins before my lift for the bus. Nab a quick -1 win on FifaRivals. However I have now forgotten my shop keys.…
FIFA Download PC
Got this team and packed pogba last night do I keep or sell and if I sell what improvements would you make …
if you're doing the objectives, just fun quit if you're down a couple of goals, especially if you are in a high div!
Well, pre-order packs paid out i guess. Didn't even react cus i was still half asleep
Good moura-ning. Cheers squad battles. Handy for the first owner objectives too. Let's see your rewards.
COULD WE BE SEEING A DORTMUND VS MONCHENGLADBACH MARQUEE MATCH UPS THIS THURSDAY I KNOW IM FANCYING IT BOUGHT A FEW…
Morning, how were your Squad Battle rewards?
Grinding out some today starting now!
about to go live with some rivals actions on the grind to the weekend league starts now!
Yooooooooo Made this video of my Gold Squad Battle Rewards Thought I’d do something different to a pl…
just kicking off at me for not choosing a player who's on international duty, my bad.
Is it just me or does Fifa get more boring every day and gets more worse, i think i got to a point where this i…
Let's see them Squad Battle rewards The best &amp; worst rewards (must have finished gold or above and provide sc…
Rage quits are back in my life
*NEW* : Predictions - Team Of The week
Investment on MM: Man Utd vs Liverpool, I don't think EA will miss this match. So stock up players from bot…
The more it get competitive the more it get ugly and bad.
I want a refund, is crap . Speed up lag, literally almost every opponents scored from speed up lag.. . S…
FIFA Download PC
Got FUT verified today!! Was a tough weekend playing while away in Mexico but we did it nonetheless …
When do we receive our FUT rewards?
So here we go, you could see the weekly downfall of the market
TOTW INVESTMENT JOHN MCGINN HE IS A SAFE BET AS HE BAGGED HIM SELF A HATRICK THIS WEEKEND ALREADY GOING UP IN PRI…
Not a bad switch
Scream Team Guide design for . Let me know your thoughts! ️+ appreciated Message me for wor…
Matthis 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
free kick when your opponent moves the goalkeeper that’s what…
free kick when your opponent moves the goalkeeper that’s what…
How much tokens does everyone have so far ? And who’s everyone going for I’m going for Schmeicel and Nesta and Pep
LINK INVESTMENT Lozano has quite a good chance to get into TOTW.
Scotland’s loss to Russia meant that Steve Clarke’s side cannot qualify directly but..!! Check out the full stor…
Squad battles was worth it got De Jong only reason I played was for icon swaps
Another grinding week on and shit rewards. I'm done with this game now yet again have taken…
EA Sports i‘ts in the game
- This attack was insane for me WL + a few Rivals Griezmann OP Kante + De Jong Kimmich is my top player…
the biggest lie on the prices wont update in time and sniping is impossible, smh
FIFA Reddit: Fans are begging EA to give Joao Felix a face scan. …
A self portrait during
Back to back ’s! Glad I’m consistent. Time to clean up some stuff this week and we go again next weekend!
They have jobs and they get money for that. This is not right. They have millions of players and we aint happy with…
Only played one squad battles game due to having a red card in rivals and received a standard gold pack. This was t…
Ops on the team? Where do I improve?
Alex Telles baby!! First free kick scored in these should be considered as rare achievements
Me playing weekend league on fifa
so after going -2 we finish -12 not to bad for my first weekend league and this is the team i did it with roll o…
The amount of goals from Tielemans is mad, I only scored with him about times so the rest is all from simulated g…
SIUUUUUUUUUUU k LET’S GOOOOOOOO
Waking up at am was worth🤙 not bad for a PMRTG LIVE RIGHT NOW …
My thoughts when I wake up Monday morning
Gold Squad Battle Rewards - FIFA Ultimate Team check out who I got from my latest rewards
Locked controls in fut champions
It's pay week, is career mode fixed yet?
After years of grinding at a semi competitive level i’ve finally hit my goal of getting elite! Won’t lie I dodged…
Okay, that was the last time, no more Elite Squad Battles grind. k coins is fine BUT Pavlenka and a Draft To…
Started off the weekend in Fut Champs wins losses, finished with wins losses thanks to Ousmane Dembele. H…
Attempt now to win a Squad Battle in world class to start Icon Swaps grind.
As eected nothing to tweet about in my Squad Battle packs.
“ how the fuck u fall anyway, damn that was sus, told niggas, we ain’t land on , tayroc la…
Me playing pro clubs on
Today's trade Wijnaldum Risk - Med Price - ,750 ps4 - k xbox Sell - Wednesday just before totw announced.…
When you go -1 in your final games to get gold . triggers me man.
How’s everyone else’s progress with the icon swaps going? I was able to knock out the MLS squad battle one today th…
Trying to score a corner on
NZ s look forward to World Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Is Cross Platform? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
SNIPING FILTER ST OF THE DAY LET GET YOU MAKING THEM COINS THE SEARCH FILTER IS QUALITY SILVER /POSITION LM /…
LIVE!!! like you've never seen it before!
Me when I realize Fortnite ruined one of the greatest playmakers of all time …
Why is nobody mentioning over million coins and k Fifa points. All what Is wrong with today’s Fifa right here.…
K Icon flip
Handing out free wins got so many games left cba
If I was , by the third interruption from Martin Tyler, I’d go off!
Good morning! Have a beautiful day! Enjoy the week! and good luck in SB rewards
The boys have secured Gold with a broken pad, have loads of games left but player picks will do the RTG
Nerding out, just ran a pack blitz. Managed to pack these beauks. Decisions, decisions. Keep or sell? 🤔
Monday rewards ... Allot better this week
Are bid/BIN prices important for these? Or is it mostly the league/nationality/quality, etc.? This is coming soon.…
What kind of fucking game is this!!!!
NOOOOO.... We choked boys, well technically we clutched but choked at the end, had to go -0 to get Elite but los…
You just can't make this stuff up guys
Man I really picked some bum rated player over Adama Traore didn’t I 🤧
Read here: 🤩 …
hope he’s worth it
FIFA - Ultimate Team: FUT Champions (Wessam JUVE) via
My Ultimate Team so far. I rotate back and forth between with a CAM and with a CDM.
Gold with games to spare and a k team with Pukki at striker. I'll count this as a W lol
the only game that you lose a /50 % of the time
that was a zinger
Guys I don’t know how I’ve done it, -5 all in one day. Grinded all day until I had to work and got off work at mi…
Started off WL -0 then copped B2B losses against two good players. Happy to have clutched up with a -2. One b…
Managed to go -5 today with this squad.
After a rough start (3-6)to WL, and Laudrup somehow getting sold for ONLY k. I managed to go -5 today to bring…
when you realize that your best friend and % of the internet are going to die from lack of fortnite tomorrow, fin…
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Fifa - Prime Players Pack Opening - LIVE
FIFA TOTW Predictions | FUT Team of the Week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
wtf free kicks broken, pens, broken I'm selling up and never fifa again
Not bad for a player reward pack !
Hit -1 in my first weekend league for Lost on pens and unfortunately my skill rating is too low
King Paco with the pinpoint accurate FK! FR though its way too hard to score direct off a FK
more to go! Road to Ferdinand
Frequently Questions 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I bet is behind the information that got off . I notice he wasn’t play…
“Fuck it is up there somewhere” ️
This is
PES has more of a skill gap than does. It’s a shame really.
FIFA TOTW Predictions | FUT Team of the Week - Dexerto
| woke up to see hit -0! GG’s brother
Yeah!!
FIFA - Ultimate Team: FUT Champions (Wessam JUVE) via
Who would you guys prefer as a LCM in a -1-2-1-2(2)?
Even during Squad Battle opening, you can still make great profit using the premier league RB/LB Filter. Check out…
Gold &amp; out. an absolute horror show.
Shoutout to for his tactics. Went from gold last weekend to elite . Top regional too! …
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Gameplay Responsiveness at its finest
FIFA Download PC
People calling themselves competitive and can’t get verified.. this is the easiest Fifa title ever released. Slabhe…
FIFA Download PC
My best assist so far
Needed to win my last game for gold , but wasn't having any of it. Lost because of this bs
Tomorrow is Monday and we all have to go back to work/school. Unless the apocalypse happens. Fingers crossed! It if…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: FUT Champions (Wessam JUVE) via
How often do you use the same sniping filters? Would a feature that lets you save a few and load them easily be ben…
Finally done with my games. Gameplay was really good from to am and enjoyed . Overall, I performed much…
In the first month of I have spent a lot more money than I hoped I would have, and packed nothing. These pa…
How soccer players abroad fared this weekend 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Top players in FIFA : The Ultimate FIFA Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The sheer laziness of Ultimate Team players is concerning...but also, keep being lazy and giving me free coins please and thank you!
fix ur game
gold secured now fuck playing this game lol
First WL after months off. Not too bad.
Pre order packs has always and will always be shit.
I just packed Messi let’s fukn go ️
Me when I finally get a squad building challenge right
Hows your weekend league going?
Y balls and + paced players are a cheat code on plus apparently physical is the same as 🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️🤷‍️
In love with this team
Weekend league is back!!!
WE GOT ! NO MONEY SPENT! - ULTIMATE TEAM... VIDEO =
So What happened to my rewards? I ended squad battles in Elite , hours before end and I received Gold rewards?…
What a goal
WE ARE LIVE! Starting with some packs we saved up then playing the rest of our Weekend League games - Let's do it!…
omg SBC rewards
Nah, Cheeki, I think it’s more like people can’t defend, skill, pass, tackle, or do anything because of the glaring…
Got the in a row in my first draft on FUT ! Packed Robo and Rashford in the same pack!!
WL over and Wow I must say I'm soo glad this shits over
is a joke
FIFA - LIVE DIVISION RIVALS ! live at
Whoever was the music supervisor for needs to never be in charge again. Terrible soundtrack.
I PACKED KANTE IN MY PRE ORDER PACK WTF!
You probably wonder if its worth grinding Squad Battles. Play games on Legendary (depends the goals you make) an…
Today we bring the and super fan Camila Fernandes 🇧🇷️🤤 Model IG:…
[ENG] I can elain... | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
Finished -0 this week. Could have won a few games and got Elite but the button delay killed me We go on to grin…
RIP THE DREAM I AM ASS AT
LIVE IN MINUTES finishing WL!
LIVE !Instagram !discord !ricky USE CODE: greasy …
ive seen nothing from and for days now. Im praying they are fixing the game but most…
Silver squad battles k pack!!!!
I did it boys!!! My best ever WL finish in FIFA. I’m -7 rn I could probably clutch Elite but it’s sooooo sweaty…
Got Gold rank, much better than last week’s silver , also gave away wins from spare matches
I have one game left to win tonight to get Gold , but my record is actually decent like I could still have gotten…
Being &amp; . Hope was there to get elite in only the nd WL. After many incidents of serious bs it was down to the…
first weekend league for ... Finished in Gold at -12. Insigne was easily my standout player this weekend…
Back to the grind dude. Miss me
Seriously honestly thinking of uninstalling . The day I learned how to defend and was actually succeeding in…
Finishing Weekend League -12. I could have got Gold I but I lost some silly games so I'll have to settle for Gold…
Best win yet with the k boys in champs! Against a sick team w/ potm Auba Red player pick secured
Upgraded team, what do you think?
Jamie Vardy out of context
Let's go!!!
Pre order pack op
Ladies and Gents We got him Welcome to the gang Roberto Carlos 🇧🇷 ️
I’m God defending in this game, guy’s so good but game finally manual 🤷‍️
Squad Battle Rewards - Elite -
Hey! I'm proud but everyday hustle.
Trying to score from a corner on
Coming soon on "Forfeits don't quit!"
Holy shit! Sitting here playing and I realized the song I was listening to was ! So dope!
Wanna die ffs, never got elite before
first ever WL complete, went -13 and got Gold , pogU
Early morning squad battle games done
Currently sitting on tokens. How many have you got ?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Coins for Sale,We Trade delivery method % safe and will take responsibility for that. With years e…
Cape Ann Savings Bank Has Lowered Lowes Cos (LOW) Position by $413300; Shares Declined ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : Gurpreet Singh Sandhu relies on bench strength to make up for Jhingan&amp; absence 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Decided to go for Piszczek flashback, cost me roughly k not too shabby. Squad is really starting to come togethe…
Lets get this rare gold players pack tonight!!!
Got my investments sorted. Going to do an eeriment on the Chem style trading aspect, here is how many coins I wil…
I TOLD YOU THE LUCK WE NEEDED yu mo guay guay didi sow
Fix your fucking game you dumb cunts
Finished -1, with another T100. Only loss to ’s card, almost certain it wasn’t him but we move…
What a Player!
The fact that i finished in elite in squad battles and the best i got was rated hector herrera while a mate fi…
I swear I’m going to have to relegate myself to div to complete these fucking objectives. People subbing on Neym…
marquee matchup investment
weer shit packs!!!
The grind is real.
Opening up Rewards and getting shit every time
THIS is how I lost in FUT Champs...
Playing Volta for the first time, AFC Ket Legs LMFAOOOOOOOO
SB rewards gold
Never thought I'd say this but from early access the game felt great , they have done more than said when doing the…
Lost my chance for ELITE and gave my remaining games to my opponents...It was unplayable weekend!
Finally finished all of my games. I managed to get Elite so happy with that. Thank you to everyone that watched t…
Gameplay News advertisement
New team!!!! Thoughts?
Just like to say a massive congratulations to the main man for hitting a huge -0 this weekend in FUT Champions
currently -3 atm come chill S/O for the R10 Face …
My guy has gone -0!! brother you deserve this!! Congratulations!! …
Ey litle nice draft gg
/30 in the Weekend League. Gold tier. Very impressed with that considering I started the competition by losing my first !
Congratulations my man -0!! What a baller!!
Thank you SQUAD BATTLES REWARDS! Oh yeaaaaa what a good start to this week! Welcome to the team !…
Gotta love it when you see the Polish flag, ST and then it’s bloody Milik instead of Lewandowski
Yes thanks for connecting me to this server. I can't move on the German server which is km away from home, I do…
Bought -300 coins sell - coins BIN
SQUAD BATTLES REWARDS - Fifa Ultimate Team via
My current hybrid France squad
FIFA20 was better before the update, the game is faster and ping pong is back.. what is the importance of the midfi…
OMG! I've never ever packed anything of note in any FIFA ever. I wake up open my pre order packs on the companion a…
Done
Managed to get Elite for the weekend. Only lost one game in mins all weekend league and it was against a verif…
Gonna be knocking out these objectives by .... Starting with the MLS, here I’ve shown you which Swap token i…
The EA servers are one huge mistake.
FIFA Download PC
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUDGE!!!! MY PACK LUCK IS GOD TIER!!!!
needs a ton of improvements. When the action doesn’t respond what I do with the controller—or even worse, r…
How to fix - Improve and increase servers so you don’t need to live in of cities across the world to e…
Huuuch 🤭
Schwartz Counsel Has Decreased Electronic Arts (EA) Holding by $2.53 Million ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
UNREAL PACK LUCK! ELITE SQUAD BATTLES REWARDS! ULTIMATE TEAM via
Lol i love fifa but dam this just run down the wing and do one or skills is hella boring everyone i play against…
Just packed the best players I’ve ever got from packs on
New around here good flip for tonight coins profit per card ️ …
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Progress (Season Level ) Reward via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Squad Battles Rewards via
Metacognition Moment: I’m better at FIFA20 than I was at FIFA19. Does that make me a worse player?
I get Elite for the first time and gets -0 in the same Weekend League. Successful weekend i reckon
UK Shop Gives Customers Free Haircut If They Beat Staff At FIFA - LADbible
Finished FUT Champs Elite , -5, buzzing with that considering the team I had
Those Squad Battle rewards paying out for me tonight...
If you haven’t bought yet save your money
WHATS THIS FATTY DOING HERE... SIKE wow, wow, wow. what a rollercoaster. gg
Okes always complaining
Seeing everyone qualify for events and hitting s
stayed up all night to watch this beast get -0 on stream absolutely buzzing!!, tired as fuck but it was worth it…
GG’s Welcome to the Club
Just sniped Cancelo for ,750 and he sells for around k!
Castro hitting -0 is mad and all but AA did that shit last year &amp; didn’t get this much hype.. like damn..
Wow gg -0!
Amazing weekend as i got elite for the first time! And then see Castro go -0 VAMOSSSSSSS!!!! you are a legend…
GG’s my man. Congrats!! Well deserved!!
Castro has that game changer gameplay huh
POGS!!!!! with that -0. Congrats brother top in the mothafuckin’ world!!!!
Did just do that... OMG.
CASTRO JUST -0
Vamos !!!!! Top , top let's gooooooo
A big congrats to securing -0 in the weekend league while k viewers cheered him on. I cant think of…
He’s only gone and done it your the goat Well Deserved last game you fought hard...
LIVE football NOW! with
Going live NOW! with
Well those packs were a load of shit this was my best pack...
things you love to see...
LOL! Played with this team and my road to G3 was easy peasy. Sadly I don’t have more time ‍️
:00PM EDT GLOBAL | v1 | | Private Match | nD JOIN NOW &gt; JOIN NOW &gt;…
New personal rekord -13 in with this squad... Time for improvement ️
My th WO
Just finished my first fut champions weekend and by god this game is stressful. Finished -6 with this team bundes…
Patch iso fifa ps3 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Keep or sell?
Streaming Fifa WEEKEND LEAGUE
playing some ! Come say hi
Top goalkeeping that
The sheer frustration of staying in Elite on Squad battles the whole week, and then going offline around hours…
So in my Elite Squad Battle rewards i packed this...
TEAM OF THE WEEK PREDICTIONS
Free packs!!
Pre Order packs and Elite SB again for this, fuck off
Squad Battles
Squad Battles
Squad battles rewards weren't bad. Cavani hummels de jong and martial the stand outs
Remember those absolute limbs* in the Gwladys when Timo Werner skipped by Barca players to give Zaha a tap-i…
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝙑𝙁𝙇 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙡𝙨𝙚𝙖󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
Didn't play any squad Battles apart from this evening on only managed to get Gold . Rodri is decent tho and sells…
Almost hit Elite ... lost fckn EA Games and loss was okay. Last Week Finished -10. Proud to be back again li…
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝙑𝙁𝙇 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙡𝙨𝙚𝙖󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝙑𝙁𝙇 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙡𝙨𝙚𝙖󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
This is the best NEW PACYBITS GLITCH
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝙑𝙁𝙇 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙡𝙨𝙚𝙖󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
Finished my weekend league -7. To some it’s not great but haven’t not played WL in just about a year I’m delighte…
USMNT north for Nations League test vs. Canada 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The Journey isn’t on Fifa anymore Donald
Elite in squad battles and don’t even get boards🤨
OMG I packed Hazard from Squad Battles rewards!!!!!!
Patience is a Virtue apparently, unsurprisingly has robbed me of that too. Rewards should be availa…
Squad Battles rewards. Didn't play much this week but I secured Gold . Not bad
Retweet and like if you’ve scored a header on Fifa yet...
Hey I was on Gold for squad battles, played the last game on world class, won -0 then instantly ge…
Got Icon Roberto Carlos within days. walkouts today, informs. And now Squad Battle Rewards paid out for playi…
Selling m fifa coins, message me interested in buying, dms open
HE HAS GONE AND DONE IT qualifies for the first Fut Champions Cup ️⃣️⃣️⃣️⃣️⃣
My Weekly packs banging again!!! Cheers EA!! And I only got non duplicate...
am here in London, work in the morning and what am I doing? I’m watching go -0 for the weekend leagu…
Gold again this weekend, but hopefully soon Elite
So I have persevered with this blackhole for what, hours already. I'm literally flicking onto to open squ…
OMG FINALLY SCORED A HEADER FROM A CORNER.
Got Gotze SMH
Anyone else complete squad battles in a decent rank and get a single Pack reward? Fuck this man …
Didn't get my squad battle rewards FFS
Back to Back Elite ... could've hit elite pretty easy this week but i did not so we move on, we learn and get be…
Thanks for the good times tonight guys! We…
Weather conditions in now include wind! ️
FIFA YouTube Packs (Dark/Light) now in the shop! Only £10! Download Link (Dark):
Time to see what ridiculous awards I get for Squad Battles on . Hope they're worth the grind, but not holding my breath.
Last week gold This week gold2 Next week gold1...... hopefully Bale and Dembele up top
Look at the time added on ...
Gonna try this card in my new team! Looks like a cheap Varane 🤔
Weekend League , If i have more time ..
After playing for years, I FINALLY hit Elite! So stoked
Currently -3 in the FUT Champs Weekend League. Long night ahead of me, I am gonna need as many of you in here as…
Hey fans, We know you’d love to know what the difference between a bar connection and a bar connection…
Yo guys something is gonna happen in :00 am I know what Squad Battles Rewards in
Also big congratulations to the lads tonight on getting promoted to division in the last game of the season after…
Due to a lack of options provided as a replacement for we have decided to renew his contract for mo…
Now that is dead, let’s all go buy
LIFTOFFFFFFF
David Luiz going full David Luiz
Finessssssse
Let’s goo!!! Elite in the worst delay ever this weekend.
First Weekend League Of with a k squad managed to secure Gold with games to go. Happy with that start!…
What players are looking likely to be in TOTW?
Finally, my st free kick !! And it's a beauty !
Continue the charity stream! So far $120 raised! games to go. I want to get to $200!! $10 donated per win and we…
Finesse passing, touch of class.
Messi goal. Using Barca to eeriment with Legendary mode. …
This game and the servers are so fucked up, it's even worse than last year lol
ABSOLUTELY STUNNING FINISH!!
Just fell less than points short for Elite rewards in FUT Squad Battles! Back to grinding Rivals, currently R…
Cheapest solution to rated player of the month sbc
Hybrid nations paying out.
Like the ball had eyes
It’s a shame because ultimate team is such a great concept. But you are barely playing the game and it decides who…
Very happy with my first WL of Fifa ! (4th ever btw) Elite is the goal before end of .
Who needs skills when you can pass like this?
Hit elite for the first time and did it with an 'okay' team... I'm so f'n happy.
Decided to get despite the negativity around it, at the end of the day if its a fun game peo…
I was winning -0 in World Class &amp; your servers once more kicked me out!!! Wth is this?Fix this shit! We keep losin…
Time to log out and play until am.. See you in time for tomorrow nights matches 🤞
A great race, of great pace!
K profit from players out of born legends sbc which cost nothing to do!
When this gets saved you know the game will go your way.
Going Live On Celebrating The Victory &amp; Maybe Playing Some Or Later! D…
Let’s gooooooo!
People are playing drop back counter attack in draft now too? Just fuck off please.
LUCAS MOURA IN ST. WHAT CHEMISTRY CARD YOU USING ON HIM ??? and leave a comment on why you use that chem for him
does it have VAR on it
I suck at
Why have I got no points for I have about an hour till the dead line for squad battles I have ,928 need to get to…
LUCAS MOURA IN CAM OR ST ???
Every kid under the age of ...and when died... …
Andrea Pirlo goated
Manager: Let him know you’re there Player: Yes Gaffa
Fifa is a funny game They have a leaderboards for profit &amp; when you make a little profit they ban you Haha I was s…
Nathan Collins , Ireland -&gt;84 Position-CB Age-18 Hidden Gem!
Scored this absolute belter from out of nowhere! Icons Grind is well under way!
He is going for it. Watch out you don't wanna face this guys this year!!!!
Just listen to what this game is doing to these poor kids
After five consecutive defeats I am angry now
Troy Parrott , Ireland -&gt;85 Position-ST Age-17 Real Face: YES Release Clause: €2.9M
G.O.A.T Better then Fifa.
Career mode on with Chelsea is, and this is completely unbias, one of the best career modes you will ever play! Thank me later!
down...
I NEED SOME HELP ON A DECISION GUYS WHO DO I BUY OUT OF THESE FOR ULTIMATE TEAM ??
Anyone for squad battles rewards. Elite one and k.
literally just lost a game because of this BS!! Jokes
Handing out whippings in today if you play XBOX hit up SteveStogers if you’d like one
LIVE! FUTChamps Games &lt; hrs - GAMES OF DROP BACK CHAMPS - STRESS CENTRAL - PRE ORDE…
Second WL. Elite is still the target.
Back to Back elite! Amazing!
My untradable pack luck on the Road to Glory account is mental.. Tomorrow's episode 🤪
Opened a k pack with coins mobile app OP
When you score a consolation goal after being -0 down on FUT Champs
dear , that patch last week; it's made the ball control when sprinting exactly like last yr's…
LMFAO, Games broken GG
Finished Gold -14 Was honestly eecting to struggle to get to silver but got to grips with defending throug…
These icon swaps are a complete ball ache and I can’t be arsed to do them already..
My bro packed Messi yesterday y yo aquí with nothing higher than an ...
No stream tonight as feeling floored with the cold. However, we started the night like this and ended it tonight to…
Come on you got this bro
LETS'S FUCKING GOOOO! Best pull so far I had to be as quiet as possible lmao (PS4) SBC PACKSSSSSSSS! | Ro…
I CANT BELIEVE I MADE ITElite in my second Weekend League
NEW IMPORTANT FIFA MARKET TRENDS! WEEKLY CYCLE! …
Not only can I save free kicks, I can score ‘em too ️ _______________________ …
So I believe that's what they call clutching up!! From -10 to -10!! So happy man! Gunna be a goooood Thursday ;…
FINAL PUSH FOR GOLD !
Selling fifa ultimate team coins pm for price
Still hate but a good start for the first week in with gaining points out of …
A big videogame company working on a big event on Sunday, that's something we don't see very often, right…
Imagine not thinking this is the best song on
Bought weed online on Pologne delivery anywhere …
Was trying to figure out who my pro felt like.. very similar to Firmino Up to ⭐5⭐ finally, now just need to star…
Could've easily been T100 but at least I'm verified
My pro is supposed to be Rivaldo in pro-clubs what do you guys think? lol
icon swaps done only more to go for Drogba... Yikes
Lowkey moves in tomorrow's SB rewards. Andre Blake - only gold GK in MLS Adnan - only gold LB in MLS Junling Yan -…
Just wondering if is concerned enough about the low ratings from users, and the fact that…
These qualifiers &amp; stuff that the pro’s are doing this weekend.... When’s the actual event?
streaming tomorrow at pm uk time packs and career mode …
🤖 WEEKLY SALE % % % % …
Line up for tomorrow nights game against Quality Esports in the VPG5s league
Player switching and general player awareness of where the ball is located is actually shocking this year. Sort it…
And another ️️
GOAT
MINUTES LEFT!! - REGISTRATION OPEN NOW! 🤑$100 CASH PRIZE POOL🤑 GLOBAL | v1 | ENTRY | | FUT He…
Rocket Into the top right
Der Grind war Real.
Anyone still with coins left want a low budget investment tip so you're coins are constantly growing? 🤑
Nice little finesse from the post and in
IS MY GUY GOOD OR WHAT?!?!?!?!
Best way to play .....don’t! …
TRADING METHOD POSITION CHANGED: this is an easy method to do all you have to do is look for players that start off…
A beautiful chip goal for Mitrita..........or so I thought.
Fifa summed up in one picture
Currently -9 in fut champs, wbu?
I am raising money for Fifa Ultimate Team Pack Funds . Click to Donate: via
Never have I ever played a more broken game on squad battles in legendary against a shitty bronze goalkeepe…
Guys to check out on the guys -0 on WL. Give him some much love and support on the road to …
Guess, how that game ended. I'm the home team
Hope everyone Fut Champs went well! Time to rest and reload to do it all again next week!
Buzzing until I found out he’s only worth k 🤷‍️
Anyone had the bug where your GK rushes and stand on the edge of the yrd box for no reason whatsoever leaving a cl…
Also thank you for all the support, almost at followers, much love guys! We will hit this fifa title 🤙
Sort your game out
Fifa Icon Swaps elained: how the FUT feature works, and how you can get the most from it
JAAAAAHH TWEEDE WEEKENDLEAGUE ELITEEE!!!
Been working on my saves for a while, feel ready for season
So how much did you guys invest and who on, let's see some trade piles!
So clean
Don’t think this guys too happy uno
Just to sum up how pitiful and broken this game is ESPECIALLY the finishing , that is Lewandowski with a hunter on…
Gold Brazilian 🇧🇷 RB investment! Already making coins! RBs bought for an average of = k Even if RBs…
Totw is probs gonna be gash with it being internationals so probs be a promo next week no doubt
Welcome to the club Reus
Indonesia vs Vietnam – A look back at the five most recent meetings between the two ASEAN sides 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
First half stats from my first game of fut champs tonight, why does everyone drop back and counter?
Such an awful picture BUT after a long graft, ICON SWAP tokens later, Roberto Carlos is now in the squad …
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! () live at
Squad Battle rewards out in hours or so, snipe non-rare/rare gold sbc fodder! Go check my recent tweet for the…
I try heading it back to my own GK thinking he would just pick it up but no ofcourse not …
How the fuck did I win this game??? Hahahaha
Bottled elite... but I’m ok with gold . There’s definitely room for improvement, some losses that could’ve very e…
Erm… so just scored this in fut champs!?!?! so what is this meta? luck? glitch? or all ? I feel so bad fo…
My Team
short rewards investing stream!
This is the most garbage I've ever played. Everyone drops back then looks for an easy tap in. Doesnt anyone buy the…
It wasn't easy, but I now have him...
Are the only company who could make an unfinished game every single year... price it at £50+ and actually have…
Finished /30. I’ll take it considering I’ve been ill (I know I’ve said). Should have been , possibly more reall…
You honestly couldn't make this up.. 🤣🤣
I'm done with This game
Late night investment tip for the - Gold Brazilian 🇧🇷 - RBs - Snipe or mass bid Marcelo Goiano - und…
This drop back counter shit is fucking crazy. All you come up against in squad battles now is drop back AI it's so boring and shit.
Precision, Accuracy, What a Free Kick ️
I love lazy buyers
Crazy Fifa Ultimate Team Division Rivals Penalty Save to keep a clean sheet️
This is my team got k and everyone apart from theo and wan is tradeable play the -2-3-1 or -2-2-2 any improveme…
player pack for FUT Champs wins, ok ta
Maybe I will come around at some point but right now I actively hate . They went too far in the other direct…
Should I get POTM Lewandowski on
This game is so much worse than FIFA . Anyone who thinks this game is better is in complete denial.
Can someone elain why I got points after winning -0
Who want smoke on ?
After my bad Qualifier I also choked my Weekend League. A Weekend to forget. 🥳
Oh yeah
I have no feelings towards FIFA anymore. No Anger. No Frustration. I'm done. If they don't fix this Depth issu…
My squad after days of
that WL was one of the worst eeriences ive ever had on any FIFA game, oh well need to clutch next week as qual…
Career mode so realistic
This fifa community is so toxic was doing in rivals the st owner objective -2. Was about to make -2 and then he…
NEW FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY Click my twitter page View my pinned post Follow the simple steps!! x Fifa poin…
Fifa is a bullshit.
WL Done, -7 so much better than last week
No Fortnite, get in here and watch my intense commentary! live at
Get READY !!! BITCHESSS FIFA new video uploaded !! Go watch it now link below …
Reply with your FIFA teams and I’ll rank them Nabbed
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- FC…
This is how You score corners in
Check out this video " CUP MATCHES"
Can you please tell me some players who have good suggestion to sell in market ?
Lost my last game for verification on pens you love to see it 🤪25 last week , this week so that means next we…
Just scored headers in one game, I've completed
Players that I hope will get a saucy flashback card in
best keeper in ?
Finished WL -9. Nesta doing bits in his first games securing Gold !
ANOTHER HUGE SQUAD UPGRADE! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team via
Easy
FIFA game review – defending is back and so is the fun -
I’ve scored a lot of wacky goals on , but I think this is the worst.
I'm LIVE on !
Yall can play fifa now suckers
Everytime I see someone with a bronze bench they loose my respect.
Has anyone out there scored a header from a corner in FIFA yet?
That last minute weekend league penalty would you finish it
-3. Felt I was just unlucky this whole weekend in both Champs and qualifiers but no doubt I need to improve overa…
This is how it works, both Sancho bought at k and k respectively. Sold in hr different. Later during S…
The amount of times I've lost in squad battles for these icon swaps is embarrassing
FIFA20 IF DEFOE REVIEW w/ PERFORMANCE STATS
games, goals &amp; assists. contributions from CM/CAM, Outstanding card
WINS GAMES LEFT MY BRAIN CANT TAKE THIS
FIFA WL LETS GO! I HOPE THE GAME PLAY IS GOOD !giveaway !sub - WL Games - Fifa Rage…
Real life SBC
How much would I get for like mill fifa coins on xbox?
Been griding my arse off today glad to see this done
COME JOIN THE PACK OPENING!! ️‍️️ streaming now …
I’ve played just over games between online and squad battles and I must be the only one that actually enjoys…
Played loads of different squads in Rivals today. Silvers, Bundesliga, Premier League, etc. All obviously first own…
I’m finding it really hard to enjoy this fifa. I’m even feeling bad when my opponent gets screwed over. Momentum is…
New video up soon ! channels called josh Lingard if u wanna go check it out
Is there a date for an update? At this moment its just ridiculous and unrespectful
Good weekend gold standard early on this year hopefully start pushing elite
Not long to go now! How many wins are you chasing? Are you sat beaten and bloodied from all games? Soldier on…
Love the new system with work all and going out last sat down today played ten games only got gold but it's something
why did I not get points??
This indicates how ugly and i was playing squad battles on ultimate difficulty and a shiity player wit…
Selling k for £20
This is what its come to playing my lad at !
You can tackle a player with a Bulldozer on and still not get the ball.
Tonight is the official start to S12. We kick off our campaign against PCN West Ham at :00pm and PCN Everton at :…
I don't think I've ever been so angry at a pass button in my life! Has anyone found it happens more with th…
Yes laaaads, elite on my first attempt!
Tech Avion Investments - just keeping coins to profit from SB rewards
If you watch the replay of the goal you scored on FIFA I fucking hate you
That'll do nicely
When the AI score a slick goal but the lino has your back...
Hardest trophy in Fifa .... Completed it mate!!!
Me with my PS4 controller after losing every single match in a row on . Infuriating game.
Last chance!!! You have a few hours To win fifa champions edition FUT code! For ps4, Go to the video shown, subs…
Said I been to the year , not much has changed and fifa still haven't updated their servers!
TOTW INVESTMENT Alan Kardec goals for Brazil will surely get a rise on the transfer market ALWAYS sell in the h…
moving forward to div1 step by step
this point last year fifa was better.
WE ARE LIVE! Notification Squad! ️
Best defence in %
First Weekend League Complete.. After A First Rough Day, Selling Half My Team &amp; Re-Vamping The Squad Im Ha…
So this is how I lose games?
Futchampions /4
Lost at bracket gate, sorry but you learn you will come more strong. You can be sure we are proud . Talent of Iv…
Game
Yo can anyone on here gameshare fifa I’m bored as shittttt
There we have it, was first to quit mid game while getting hammered. It’s surprising as he had been tellin…
Fifa is actually worse than fifa and I didn’t even think that would be possible🤯
So I just won the league in and the interviewer asks: "Can you win the league after all?" ...........…
The passing on is a disgrace, to be honest the game ain’t much better. Worst one in years
Your planning on doing the Pep Guardiola ICON Swap?? Probably need to save your tokens for some one else... …
Conceding my th rebound in games
Okay, all is up and running, thank god! Now you can check out my new video here Ple…
Week FUT Champs -10
Trying not to give away a penalty
Tip for anyone doing squad battles. Build your teams at same time and chose which one to play based on l…
Would have easily ended up in elite on if a few games with +2 mins stoppage time didn’t go into the…
Where could I upgrade? Suggestions needed 🤪
Big first game from the lads Tammy Abraham on loan off the bench to make it -0. Cheers
TIME for
will take gold after breaking one controller
TOTW INVESTMENT CHERYSHEV goals and assists looks like a banker pick up now dont pay no more than and ALW…
Hey everyone, I'm now live on Mixer. Come on Lets Get it on!! …
Ok so the ai is playing my rivals match
Career Mode Episode !
Where is the offside????? I have never had to xbox gamecapture so many ridiculous game animations that occur in thi…
nd min up and this happens
WTF is this Oh god
do they say Percy Tau's yet?
Not too bad imo.
ICON TRADING GUIDE. Hopefully this gets you started! J 🤑
Tales of
People must spend a fortune on these overpowered ultimate teams. I’m grinding away slowly refusing to spend a penny…
Take drop back out of and you have a really good game until then it’s just as shit as the rest of them
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
Live guys got Weekend league games to get through tonight!
Rivals Free To Play Fifa …
SNIPING FILTER INCOMING this will make you some awesome coins quickly get on to it all you need to put in is POSITI…
Best card I’ve used so far!
who are the wonder kids?
Fine, this looks like a normal league table in Career Mode But isn't points VERY LOW after games? A…
Gundogan has Goals tonight, it's showing him as starting at LM/LWB though so this could be a weird card if he get…
Bulgaria vs England Preview: Where to watch in the USA | European Qualifiers /20 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA – finally delivering on the “simulation” promise? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
They somehow made free kicks and penalties even worse in
Removed most of the youth players from the top teams and this is the result games in …
One crazy (and kinda stupid) save by AI goalkeeper
-11 in . Goals -49, RQs. got out-teamed in a lot of games, i'll take it.
Basketball baby
Why is fifa squad battles rigged someone tell me now
Got the wins on WL that I wanted. Not as enjoyable as last weekend but I will take being consistent win wise at…
Pacybits Flashback Walcott SBC Solutions ⬇️ Full Video ⬇️ …
And that's another Xbox controller in the bin.
Playing Fifa. I pressed the pass button. Next tweet will come when the player responds.
Can you use loan players for the icon swaps objectives?
Would you rather ........
Oi ! Where's prediction? Still waiting man lots of love btw
Out of context
My record in WEEKEND LEAGUE, I'm really satisfied! 🤞
Because of the you can try to snipe some players! Many people are waiting for the new season and sta…
Don't you just love GG played for nothing it seems
It’s been a sad weekend for me, one that has made me actually look forward to having a -5 job as that will not bri…
Thanks to unreal pack luck managed to buy this team for part of my weekend league. Went -7 before I got the team a…
come on people let’s boycott fifa !!
Just letting you know this is % a red card
I’m -3. Pretty pleased considering I’ve had man flu this weekend and cba to play at all, I wanted some rewards on…
Why is it so impossible to driven a simple driven pass in this game?
Is it me or the Shot assistance is automatically switching to Manual and costing me games everytime? Is there any f…
This game is absolutely disgusting, have you EVER played a video game when you have had so little control over the…
So true
To qualification . . .
Squads of the Week . /10 — Pukki &amp; Kane as a combo gonna be too clunky. . /10 — Should be able to f…
Fifa proclubs team goal part
It's that time of DAY cause Internationals sucks
Will someone make me a million coin team in -3-2-1 with Andy Robertson in please?
Let's gooo! What a pack. k. Gg. That’s sorted me out nicely that.
On my way to gamestop cuz my players auto switch them selves and my players run with the ball the other way... some…
Why is that shitty l1 dribbling the only thing that allows you to create chances this year. Killing a football the…
Just scored an th minute winner on Fut Champs...
Played my last game style of and Iheanacho score , only finished /11 tho, I may try to play next…
and to again ️️. Thank you and ️ . . . …
Gold with a game to spare. Dece
Currently going through a few great players that you can look into picking up tonight! Feel free to stop by!…
Selling k coins for £12
Get your hands on our Green Old School Football Print, Perfect for Framing and Hanging at Home. Only £4 including d…
Live over on Twitch with FIFA , so come and chill out on stream with me whilst I play. -Finishing off FUT Champs…
FIFA Kits - The Best Kits for FIFA Ultimate Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Floating ball follows Milner on lol
Finished on wins &amp; losses. Best player: Mahrez Need a new CB, too many strikers dust Luiz. Any suggestions?…
Paul Pogba standing on the right side of the screen for no absolute reason
Maybe?
FORTNITE MAY BE GONE BUT WE'RE BACK WITH EPISODE OF THE FIFA CHELSEA CAREER MODE!! H…
i cant find any opponents .
Hes back . Come say hi at playing
Second)) it was so easy
I can really see why so many get carried away with Fifa. It's easily done. On a completely unrelated note, James Ma…
This is
Finished Fut champs -10, cba to carry on, we go again next week
FIFA - Manchester United Career Mode - Neres Wonder Strike via
FIFA | Gameplay Broken....
I just won the most intense FIFA match ever, dude battered me but somehow I scored and defended like prime Mourinho…
Is this worse than the Sane miss?
Goodbye legend
We live for these moments!!!!
Fut Champs be like
:00PM EDT - REGISTRATION OPEN NOW! 🤑$100 CASH PRIZE POOL🤑 GLOBAL | v1 | ENTRY | | FUT Head To H…
I am honestly having the worst luck on fifa 🤦‍️
When you can header on &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
FIFA – finally delivering on the “simulation” promise? - The Daily Star
Live! Games left in Need to win all to get Elite . Probably won't happen but we will try!…
Two long days in qualifications turned out awesome for . He will be part at the first offline tournam…
Just hit the post Times online. This has to be the most inconsistent fifa.
FIFA - Road To Glory - Hybrid League SBC via
This song is an absolute banger on
? Completed it mate.
You lot really can't header to save your lives on LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Gerardo quietly bringing through next wave of young talent for Mexico 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Season Objectives: How to Get Level 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
TOTW Predictions FIFA : Who&amp; Getting in? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
One game I won -1 the other I lost -2...care to guess to which team I lost?
...and the winner goes to; . . Congratulations for winning cash prize of N20k. …
My Conclusion for this Weekend. I have fun with the game and then I look on Twitter and everyone is complai…
Lmao who did this
FIFA Season Objectives: How to Get Level - DBLTAP
weekends in a row hitting wins on FUT Champs. Any clubs wanting to offer me a pro contract then DMs are open
/ - appears to have breached player information - -…
Worst WL I have ever played, disconects because of PSN, offside bug is just screwing us over and over and everyon…
WE ARE LIVE!!!!
LIVE In minutes Final session before the first World Series! We will see where the…
When you score from a corner on
I like fifa this year but this online is bullocks I avoid it most of the time. Its not about gaming skills anymore.…
JAAAAAAAAAA!!!! FUT CHAMPIONS CUP I HERE WE COMEEEEEE Einfach unglaublich happy gerade
Not a bad pack from the Around The World SBC
So guys always remember: buy at the beginning of the week and sell at the end of the week …
Look at the state of this game 🤡
Episode four of my season guys - …
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
Biggest trolls this year : the end event content live stream
HAHAHAHA WORST GOALS IVE EVER SCORED,PEEP NEXT TWEET LUUUUL
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Road To - Ligue First Owners Access to…
EA YOUR GAME IS F*CKING DOG SH*T
Let's take a moment of silence as has come to an end. Time to pick up the pieces on
Wait? Servers are actually down because of the Fortnite event? I’m on fine right now. 🤷‍️🤷‍️
what we doing out here goalkeepers need fixing asap
LIVE GRIND ▶️
I think I’ve had enough of this shit
Scenes in the Spannish Cup where teams from the Segunda Division are battling for a place in the cup final…
FIFA Points Giveaway! Retweet Follow Me Turn Notifications On Winnner Soon!
Fuck off I'm trying to watch go -1 in the weekend league.
I am now LIVE!! Plan for the stream includes: Potential Players Squad Battle Pickups Discussed Chem Styl…
First ever Weekendleague, pretty happy about not being hard stomped every Game Would have more Games but Head…
EA forgot to add that option on the frauds smh 🤦‍️
TOTW Predictions FIFA : Who's Getting in? - DBLTAP
Time to start a new career with
Ladies &amp; Gentlemen we are LIVE at and Mixer at for a Fifa BANGER! F…
Things that need fixing on Fifa20 Not giving pens but give cheap fouls. Tackling rebounds Input delay Rebounds ar…
Streaming the last of my FUT champs games because I was out all day. Come watch!
minutes, draft's)) ok no problems 🤗
Deary me, they've left him open again?!.... McSaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauce !!!!!!!!!!!!
where did you finish in fut champ?
Managed to do ok i guess in weekend league managed to get gold , nd weekend after years not playing fifa !…
I have never eerienced worse connection like today. It's a new level of unplayable.
ICON SWAP FERDINAND REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
As we do every year, we’re giving away a copy of for PS4 or Xbox. Details here: G…
back with some more squad battles for a few hours …
Comes out ... To McSaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauce
Who do I get
Hey I know ultimate difficulty is supposed to be hard but there’s no need for them to have sliders.Iv…
Give me a like if you hate waiting …
Do “Self Setups” count? 🤷‍️
challenges accepted gamerTag Richard1032
WTF EA
Draft of the week are completed))
RIP Sanchez OTW Alexis Sanchez set to be sidelined until with ankle injury via
In todays video i start the road to glory with in an attempt to win the …
These icon swap objectives are legit one of the best things EA has added to the game, you actually have to grind a…
Fifa FUT - Make 00 coins in minutes with Inter Filter | with Proof via …
Streaming some fifa gonna open some packs and play some division rivals and get these icon swaps come watch…
Flashback to last week where was participating at and played some and other games…
Another new team. Hoping to stick to this tho as it’s amazing, next upgrade is Kante
FIFA Review …
It’s such a shame that doesn’t even have the courtesy to address the problems dpad/arrow users are fa…
Selling k XB1 coins. Can negotiate a price. Rts appreciated and tag buyers.
Anyone else getting points after playing a squad battles match? Has happened to be two games in a row. I was goin…
The st thing any new Man Utd manager should do.
What about tokens instead of ??..
Laaaaaaaaaaag the menu’s are even screwed when everyone is on Fortnite
-5. Not bad with my team. Played games today if I could of spaced them out I could of easily got /28
Follow us, like us, download and subscribe to us. We now have a new Social Media team. Search and k…
Why's icon swaps on a massive load of shit, i just want fifa sbcs back when rui costa was k
You don't save those
The thumbnails have evolved
Want To Know How I Made K In A Day? Check My Latest YouTube Video! …
I honestly think might be my favourite player so far in but if you could get an inform that would be great
LETS GOOOO
If the game doesn’t want you to win you won’t win why did you do me like that …
Selling Coins. k = £9 K = £15 only Only PayPal DM if interested …
Can you do this to too? Asking for a friend...
Im done with fifa this game is broken and delayed and laggy and not completed
Did you score from a corner yet?
DocNicklePickle is going live! YouTube: Twitch: FB page:…
CR7 to Walcott to Douglas
The rankings are too heavily weighted by who a player plays for, some are just unbelievable
FUT Champs is pure cancer in online competitive gaming form.
So it's been a minute since released what can only be described as a broken yet they still do…
When your opponents Ultimate Team pops up in the loading screen &amp; they’ve got Icons, in form Messi &amp; OTW Ronaldo…
pure pleasure
Live dans moins de minutes sur YouTube " ACHAT REVENTE, SBC, ICONS SWAPS "
| reaches million players in two weeks
live view from server room
Career Mode is a Bugs Life
Live Now On Leeds United Manager Career We Go Again …
This game is awful.. sat on /3 going into today.. literally could not make a pass.. finish on /8 (no point play…
Selling Coins. k = £12 only Only PayPal DM if interested
Is there something I'm missing? Everyone this year has teams that are already worth over a million coins and it's o…
What should I improve in my team ?
-1 Top in WL Really disappointed in the qualifiers this weekend, went -3 in swiss, felt I played decent but…
Players, I have so far emailed every Premier League team, tomorrow I will be eanding that t…
Selling Coins k = £12 only Only PayPal DM if interested
Meanwhile on
What a goal in last night's between v .
Couldnt be servers as the offline mode had a delay even on fifa19, heard it has a delay even bigger now on fifa20.…
How can i go from being -0 to -6 Friday played well no delay in gameplay for me Saturday im stuck im mud and…
I'm LIVE... FUT Champs finale and objective grinding See you in there
Finished the WL with -8 decent... but i was -4 man
Any new SBC'S on FIFA today....
Said on stream how we wouldn't touch this SBC, things change very qyickly, don't regret it though, k back from p…
This just sums up penalties in gets worse each year!
FIFA Has Already Hit Million Players
More transfer activity for a Sunday evening... have sold midfielder Oliver Kemen to for a fee of…
FIFA Career mode has been broken since release which was ne…
got this out of a gold upgrade today
Official. futchamps in utter shite.
Opened a k pack and don’t even get a board no wonder more people are making the switch to pes
My brain after I’ve smashed my controller and punched two holes in my wall because I missed an open net on
This. Game. Is. Completely. Fine. ️
Fifa ultimate team:try to commit a foul without getting a yellow card.
In a fifa crisis anyone recommend any good teams if so just dm me.
A Douglas Costa world Pt
did it last week and its done it again just beat a team on and this is the points i get. …
anyone else got this issue where you complete both challenges but only get the reward for one? …
Hey a quick question. I have finished my refreshes. If I play any further, I know I won't get poi…
Can't lie, not a fan of this new feature where you're not allowed to make subs...shitshow
I never upgraded to fifa19 last year cos the reviews for the new one were total shite, Its not looking good for either
Let‘s go!!!! Verified
I'm baffled by this, two legs the AI played in the Carabao Cup Everton Vs Preston (completely realistic I know) the…
FUNNIEST PRO CLUBS SESSION!!! {PS4} DROP A FOLLOW TO JOIN THE TEAM!
i’m loving those objectives packs
is a big smoking hot pile of shit
This is the most pathetic attempt at making a game i’ve ever seen
Thank you for the good server performance -.- nd game today with an EA disconnect and a loss because…
... Out of favour striker D. Alcon has moved to from Premiership rivals for mil…
I am the San Marino of
Another lag fest. Sorry, but is really testing my patience now. Good game, ruined by an online service that…
Don't forget to submit your best goals by Tuesday!⬇️⬇️⬇️
-3 -&gt; -4 I'll take it with how bad I started but the game is too infuriating to play, so many problems.
games left. Need wins for Gold ....Let’s get it! Going live in min. Make or Break stream with some wine drin…
I wanna sell my for just k only... Dm if you are interested.
GG how am i losing this elain
down more to do icon swaps This is a grind but i like it 🤔 Just wish…
What's the point in the in game tactics and formations if it always puts you to -4-2!!! Fix this! …
Telling ya... probably the worst FIFA made
I’d say I’m off to a decent start on
every tackle online is a red card sort it out
okay bruv buying you over rashford was the best decision for my rivals matches
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account for a…
If want the opposition to score, they make the keepers absolutely shait, here are a few clips of absolutely WTF moments!!
After days of playing I’m very disappointed: Game is slow and irresponsive Transfer market is a disaster…
DhTekkzzzzzzzzzz let’s gooooooooo my heads up GG MAN ️
Is there anyone else annoyed with the how the commentators on FIFA20 pronounce the player names. Why is this happe…
The greatest No commentary Career Mode is here!
Here's our review for
Go and check out the latest episode of my Road to Glory! I am enjoying using this account…
DHL is taking forever to deliver my 🤦‍️🤦‍️🤗🤗
I'm going LIVE! Week of WL games, come check out the stream
McGinn in form coming
sucks you have to find the right time to play fut champs. a time where the servers aren't utter dog shit
Best player on ?
The curse strikes again
Division rivals. Yikes to be you Vasiboo lad
Who should I get?
I’m live on Twitch - Watch me at
We need to talk..
Fifa is so obviously scripted it’s disgusting - this year they have no shame in taking our money!
Can we reach for more trading tips?
Can I have my refund yet? You keep ignoring me.. your clown of a game is still broken and I want…
Has anyone honestly scored a goal from a corner yet? 🤷‍️
My first WL. /3 to /5 to /11 to /17 to /27. I am so done. No idea how I managed to get to those wins. When…
Rate my team out of
Top of dreams. Absolutely lethal. So glad I did the Pukki SBC right before it eired
FIFA Download PC
Havent lost coins to EA tax in a while ...You thinking what im thinking?
Nice goal or NAH!?
Watch me secure my first win by clicking the link below!! *BRAND NEW* (Fifa gameplay) Liverpool vs Norwich…
Heading on is like punching in a dream
This game...
il happily take this!
Omg in the pack of the pack hahahaha what is going on
Apparently I’m one win away from Gold ....🤔
Content on a Sunday
Can we hit subscribers? If you enjoy FIFA content, including Road to Glory series &amp; trading tips then please…
Started working towards Aubamayang, what is my pack luck today..
Wijnaldum is looking good for an inform for the upcoming double tap if you would love to see a this happen…
Milestone Conpleted
ICON SWAP OBJECTIVES: this dude BOËTIUS os the real deal. Fast, always in the right place at the right time and can…
Jesus lads a hatty for Mr. McGinn, guaranteed a TOTW surely ?
No new content
I’ve packed wjnaldum times untradeable in the last week - if bet I can’t pack him if he gets a totw Wednesday though
First FUT draft
Its Sunday.....
Fifa is a broken game with so many issues
No fk sbc wtf EA
Tough game but got wins finally so I can stop now, no point stressing to get more especially with this delay…
ICON SWAP OBJECTIVES: enjoying playing with squads i would never bother with otherwise. BUNDES squad was unbelievab…
Im back live w a Manchester United career mode …
is actually sooo bad. I've never played a game as bad as this one.
Back Back GOLD finishes for a trader that is noob level at gameplay. 🤣🤣 Hope you’re proud of me!…
So we have the first qualifier for the season and long story short: No one's wants to compete anymore unde…
Ok so the gameplay were being provided with today is the worst ever
Start Turnier am 0.2019 Streamstart :15 Uhr Link Twitch:
Back to no content embarrassing company
Guys! GIVE ME SOME ICON RECOMMENDATIONS FOR AROUND k
First Done
MCGINN is on FIRE ^ HALF ️️️
I LOVE THIS BEAST CARD!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) - v1 (EU) - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* - Free…
Fucking hell
ICON SWAPS OBJECTIVES st Owner Rival Wins: La Liga , Ligue , Bundes . Next Up: Prem, Serie A.
Nice offside!!!
ICYM Today's video ... It is night and day game play ... This is from Friday night and my players were turning ...…
Have K! Give me suggestions of teams.
A possible rated TOTW for 🇳🇱 Wijnaldum There's yet another half of football remaining. …
PRO CLUBS IS GREAT!
I just missed out on Gold by win... That shit’s tough bro
Weekend league finished, final games won to get me in gold ! Couldn’t be happier with the result compared to las…
He’s coming 🇳🇱 ️️ for now...
HAT-TRICK FOR MCGINN!!! I'm ready for this card
I just picked up a Inter Milan Icardi for k!
I'm also million coins invested at this point guys, so my coins are well and truly on the line! Go big or go ho…
Well first time I'm playing ultimate team since about Fifa ... So let's see how this goes! I'll update you guys w…
Have you guys used Drogba? Is it worth spending months on the special items for Drogba or he won't meet my requir…
Had games to get elite. Choked it. Great weekend however. Might rock this FIFA. Worked really well!…
Its actually laughable how bad the EA DEDICATED, !!!!!!!!!!!! Servers are. This is beyond a joke now
I’ve had two people quit at -0.... thought you’re supposed to get the win? Fuck me, I cba with this game this week…
Arsenal: players who&amp;;ve surpassed preseason eectations 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Ostersunds FK in Liquidation Danger Months After Defeating Arsenal 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
McGinn just bagged a st half HatTrick. When was the last time Villa got a TOTW in consecutive weeks?
I got Chiellini from the Volta SBC
Very interesting
Lets see how this goes on a Sunday evening then get in here lads
Has anyone scored from a corner on yet?
After a shaky start to the season the SOS (save our season) is complete. “SOS complete. Staying up. A lot better…
My list of players to buy tonight is as follows: Douglas Costa 🇧🇷 Riyad Mahrez 🇩🇿 Lucas Hernandez 🇫🇷 Kingsley Coman…
There is % "handicap" in Just played games with first owned ligue players, most are players you wo…
I officially give up, simply can't play the game. Two weeks is enough of my time wasted
this SUCKS . why??
🥳MY st EVER VIDEO🥳 Please Enjoy My st Ever Youtube Video! This Is Definitely Something Im Looking To I…
When you do too many fake shots on fifa and get wiped out
I'm sorry but look at the absolute SAUCE on that!
Two of my recent thumbnails
Quickest way to rank down on Fut rivals????
Selling fifa coins ps4. Over million available. Pre filled accounts available. Dm me
Winning games in FUT champs but I’m not even remotely enjoying it. It’s so delayed you’d think they were playing on…
Pretty much just scored my best goal on fifa. St Maximin the beast!
Tip : ‍️ If no content to increase supply comes at U.K. it is very unlikely we get any supply other then SB…
G has been completed, second round of the draft due to disconnect, unreal scenes! Do we do POTM Aubamayang?!…
Verified
minute warning guys and we’re going live to blast through as many fut champs games as we can don’t miss it see y…
Some up the Weekend League in one Gif This is how my depth team felt when I was left with on…
Will there be a for Panic? Who do you think will be in this week's …
Fix your game you F assholes!!
Have a look through your club. You’ll no doubt find a few gems to sell, market for some non rare golds is wild …
I’m ready for the grind later tonight (27 FUTChamps games) What’s your favourite thing…
THIS GAME IS SHIT!
My only fault was trying to play possession football. I've built a meta team with all pace, drop back, all out coun…
:00PM EST | $100 GUARANTEED FREE ENTRY $100 Prize Pool JOIN NOW:
[LIVE] Playing some FIFA for a bit. Maybe BioShock after but we shall see what happens …
Who knew goalkeepers were accurate?
Don't think San Marino know what to do in the half. It's like watching me play
I went from not being able to win despite dominating to being unbeaten in games, using first owner teams for the…
Going live in Getting some FUTURE CHAMPS games done and hopefully clutch up GOLD , even ELITE if possible Dro…
anyone know how i can make a mill for mbappe in a week
Season Awaits.....
The morale on my is bad. You can’t have player mutinies, right?
So bored of watching clips of people playing FUT and scoring silly turn and back flick chip over keeper! That's why…
NEW EPISODE ALERT: FUT Champs is complete and the pack openings just keep getting better…
I don’t like kmt.
Looking like gold again. Just can’t make that jump, pissing me off..
Does Rui Costa look like a good card as an it’s his isn’t it for . I was after pirlo but now thinkin…
Boca Juniors have signed for a reported k from - Come join the fun…
May I introduce to you, the best Career Mode player: • Hector Villalba () • goals in …
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Dear , I am sorry for wasting your time on . We initially played a game in the Mil…
worse game ever players can't pass keepers can't catch
Check out the new video!
has left and signed for in the Fantasy League Premiership…
Fifa is bullshit
What is the point in completing objectives on ? It's the rd time it's happened, complete one to level up o…
Please please add the facility for anyone to skip replays again nothing more irritating than p…
What ever happend to putting a game in and playing it ! Fucking Volta bullshit times now ffs just load and play ya muppet
I can extract information from any company and anyone err …
Nothing beats a Sunday afternoon Career mode
-2 and been getting this message for the last hour. I’m gonna wait to stream later then. Maybe more people will b…
WE ARE LIVE!!!! BEAST STREAM TODAY LETS GOOOO!!!! …
Nice 🤬 Arsenal relegated 🤣
I played today for the first time clicked the link below to see how i got on
Ea had to ruin the fun🤑
Not happy with Gold in Champs but we made a good start on these so it’s not a total disaster.
‘The Bison’ born legends sbc cheap solution video is up on my channel.
First ever FUT champs this weekend.... currently -16 sounds bad but for my first ever Fifa I am buzzing with that…
Nothing better than quick selling this cunt!!
this game... someone just parried a penalty out for a corner and it gave a goal kick...
/4 and out of the Tournament. Its just the little details I need to work . 🤷‍️
icon swaps
LIVE ALERT BROS -Bronze pack method - Fut champs gold finish (hopefully) pm content drop Subscribe Like Sha…
ICYMI: Go and check out the latest episode of my FIFA Road to Glory! Keeping up our so…
If you enjoy playing king of the hill on your a nonce lad
Some current sniping filters for you all ️ Buy during SB rewards for the best profits M
Anyone know how you know when your at home or away in fut champs? I get so much lag when I’m away
never been so burnt out and de motivated this early into a fifa cycle
If you have spare coins, today is the time to buy I will have a full list of players to consider buying out tonight…
I don’t get it how EA is able to destroy a game like that... WL servers are too bad...
Streaming Clubs live on twitch with
meadiest fifa ever
BPM DOES NOT WORK!!!!!! DONT DO IT!!!!! Lol
Anyone wanna play pro clubs? Xbox one
Invest...
Makes it all worth winning the draft ️
Every time I play I want to die a little bit more
Gold done
WE ARE LIVE!!! Finishing Block Champs!!!
Bobby Firmino or Alex Lacazette at CAM?
SELLING FIFA20 PS4 COINS €10/100k DM IF INTERESTED. …
Who would you rather have CDM? Sissoko or Fabinho?
Can’t wait for the new fortnite season so I never have to play fifa again, worst fifa ever made by a country mile
Matched last weeks rank, I have games to play.
Why did I do his sbc
has been out a little while now and a lot of ratings have really shocked me, but this one really pisses me…
finally div.
LMAOOOOOO I just accidentaly joined a div rivals game, and I was supposed to play squad battles with this team.…
Rip if you took Sanchez over the Mkhitaryan from the OTW SBC..
Gameplay is actually terrible
I'm ok with basic gold card lol. …
I mean, just look at the teamwork! We're quality
I love this game
lets continue the grind to division and FUT champions for next week! Second time back since a lay off from strea…
How to make your Virtual Pro look like David De Gea in FIFA Pro Clubs, Enjoy. …
We’ve uploaded a new video on the channel …
So i sold Divock Origi and bought this team (1st picture) but then i packed him a few minutes after i got this squ…
When someone leaves while its a -0 i should get he win right ? BS wtf
Is the worst one yet, the game is fucked
Investissement TechAvion
The way people complain of I’m starting to lost motivation for the game especially the qualifiers
Just me that’s lost interest in Fifa
Momentum in ist annnnnnders 🤣
As I’ve just scored this
First game of the season against Manchester City and look at the state of this team! Fuck off Fifa!! …
When you lose to your younger brother on
Nice game ea
so I just figured out that in forms and otw count in the squad building challenge
OK so I'm doing this ting, picked France as base team. How do I get Ronaldo now!?
GOING LIVE! 🥰 WL GRIND! WL GRIND! WL GRIND!
A great way to score from corner kick's in Fifa
Saddest thing about , go watch Pros and huge content guys, you can use the best players in game and still wo…
Lmao how do you release an unfinished game just for you to update and somehow make it worse I’ll never get it,…
Guys at this point in time i genuinely think this fifa is worse than atm who agrees or ??
I have games left but I have intention of trying to play, game play is by far the worse ever. I had faster resp…
People get on the band wagon of hating the game just because there favourite youtuber hates the game I personally…
Think it’s fair to say he’s warranted the price tag for me! I’ll attach his record!
Vote for the best icon down below …
Seen people complaining about fixture congestion in , genuinely haven't encountered this problem. Seen scree…
Finished career mode on to ultimate team
NEW UPLOADS TODAY!
has hit a new all term low...didnt realise corners were taken from here...
Is Lloris any good?
FIFA Career Mode Series in HINDI! Episode - Coaching Team India Watch: Subscribe fo…
Goal decision system is broken
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
What are the biggest problems with the st online qualification? My twitter wall is literally full of people crying…
yo wanna give me something to grind already?
Qualifiers aside, -0 in .
Somebody knows if i can use loan Players for the "7 First owner"-Challenge from Icon Swap?
Two subjects are responsible for this: Andrew "Casino" Wilson, CEO of EA ($18,320,071 in total compensation) &amp; joi…
it did this until the other team forfeit.
FIFA Download PC
Filthy at pro clubs
FIFA Download PC
How is this STILL happening worst fifa I've ever played.
A thread: packs will tweet my best pulls.
Congratulations to Somerset based footballer who is the winner of our Limited Edition cover a…
Anyone on pro clubs? Hmu
Fifa servers are completely shite. Between delayed input and just unresponsiveness this game is trash online
Weekend League
trading method guides here --&gt;
Played for decades &amp; enjoyed it for the most part. Been lucky enough to test the game, and I've don…
-2 with decent/good gameplay -7 then with slow gameplay (1 second delay) -5 with bad gameplay (1+ seconds dela…
Typical Fut champs game lol
Rate my FUT20 team!!
Batshuayi is actually better than Tammy on
EA really need to give players more insight into this server situation. Like not even being negative but the weeken…
NFL slams Spurs striker Harry Kane&amp; &amp;;ludicrous&amp;; plans to become a kicker after retiring …
Anthony and KSI challenge each other in speed bag test 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
We will be featuring in a team Tournament tonight which will be made up of various teams from various leagues. I…
Same story every year
Am I the only one who has no idea what people are on about with delay in fut champs?
Fix the button delay and switching or il foot your nan
th round -5 vs. GG, well played! Im out of the tournament :/ Next time I know what I have to do in…
Thanks again to the lads, Empire cinemas &amp; everyone who turned up to our…
FIFA Download PC
Mehh..
Not a bad weekend league. Elite and POTM having to carry me through to get there. …
FIFA Download PC
does anyone else have very - and I mean VERY bad gameplay ? Internet is Fine. The game just feels sluggish…
Nearly done
Nice game shame of company!!
Why are the servers so poor this year
Live Now On Leeds United Manager Career We Go Again …
This has humbled me
Proof that headers are broken
Could I do any upgrades with k to this team???
Look what my mate just got from a k pack 🤦‍️🤦‍️
ALDERWEIRELD 🇧🇪 MOTM % duels won &amp; clean sheet 🇰🇿 - 🇧🇪
FIFA I How To Make k An Hour! I Trading To Icon Episode I Tradin... via …
FIFA Download PC
JC of the week nominations: October - Jewish Chronicle
Match of the Day Watch vs in the on with…
The first L of many to come.
Just lost this game -3 to shots on target. Can someone please tell that Keylor Java’s is trash IRL…
Sunday gamers WE ARE LOCATED ON PLOT V1 C…
HANDICAP
delayed play is probably the most annoying thing when youre trying to do weekend league
Just goes to show how bad is, here you can seen my GK saves the shot then the game freezes, then goes to my…
I have uploaded episode of the FIFA Road to Glory! Go and check it out as we continue…
Wait for it... 🤭 -
Like this tweet if you are subscribed to my YouTube Channel following back all …
FIFA Download PC
Just completely changed up my FUT team.. wasn’t feeling the BPL team at all. Playing with this atm... …
Soon On Leeds United Manager Career We Go Again - …
and another one FUCK OFF
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!! OH YEAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Anybody else having great pack luck?? Here's mine What's your best?? …
Quoth the raven: nevermore.
Thanks for the patch
Dont forget to enter the giveaway less than days until the winners are drawn!
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £20/20$/20€ Order through DM for steps.…
Matchday continues: (A) v (B) v And more! Join LIVE:…
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
FIFA Download PC
So this bug happend when the AI tried to take a throw... cool game
Golf Upgrade SBC paying out again
I swear I do better in rivals than squad battles... I get so bored and make stupid mistakes in squad battles 🤦‍️🤦‍️
〽️ E3 ️24-6 :25 RQ matches lost due to penalties.
summed up
On I bid on an item. Sadly didn't win and didn't get the coins back! Lost of coins at t…
Best draft at the moment?
I’ve had a shocker this - I’ve got my with games remaining but every single game has been…
For the sake of my mental health, I have quit playing . Never again! They ruined the beautiful game. 🤮 Deleted that shit.
Is fifa20 worth getting or not?
Volta is seriously a whole new level.
I’m so fucking tilted rn, lost wl games in a row, each game I had plus shots on target and their team had ma…
We are LIVE choking, I mean on ! - - with the RTG - - with the P2W Get involved!…
Sunday Only Can Mean Thing... Game Time Then
ICON SWAPS TOKEN OBJECTIVES GRIND STARTS !!!
Bronze pack chill stream today pm bros!! -Bronze pack method - Fut champs gold finish (hopefully) pm content…
FIFA Download PC
Just had the best rage quit ever on ! -0 up so I pass the ball to my keeper who runs the length of the pit…
time
Is anybody having this issue in squad battles that if you win you just get pts??
Has the community's managers gone silent again imagine working for and having to defend this shit not…
RTG | The rise of Lion - !
Sums up fut champions for me
All These Little Pricks losing their shit because they can't El Tornado Cross and abuse game Mechanics. Maybe your…
One for the Pro Clubs Goalkeepers. David De Gea of Manchester United. …
EA please fix your horrendous Fifa game. Weekend league servers are a joke. Goal kick delay resulting in passing…
Trying to grind through a WL whilst feeling shit, -1 and really cba I’ll take right now.
had to be done..
This game man...
Looks like The Donald isn’t a fan of the new FIFA.
Trade in and get £38.75 in-store credit when you preorder any game.
Just seen video from days ago on the state of fifa. Id stopped watching fifa videos due to being very…
Just another day playing FUT Champs...
I’m live on Twitch - Watch me at Come and hang out and make decisions as I play through pla…
Anyone know if FIFA career mode is fixed yet?
I'm starting LIVE on !
wtf happened to the gameplay?
About to record episode of the Newport County RTG! Any fans have any recommendations for players to sign??
Haven’t seen episode yet? Well, check it out now! My Be s…
Currently -5 on my first WL at the moment but packed some nice editions to the squad …
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
when drink on a school night
Keepers on
Can not Stop me
just realized barely subscribed to anyone on youtube send me your channels over and i will take a look
Nothing better then ruining your chill sunday by playing stressful WL games
How are loans still available on champs. I don’t understand how you can compete with people your skill level when t…
... Where % of goals are rebounds, + strength means nothing and everything is pure pace.🤦‍️
ANNNNND.....DONE
needs to change. bar depth can’t continue how it is. Broken and boring game in game out
Best players to sign in career mode?
Give me free kicks...watch me score
Golden goal
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £30/30$/30€ Order through DM for steps.
Back streaming tomorrow lads. Mrs Esbee's first day off in a week so enjoying the end of the weekend. Needed the b…
When you’re -2 on WL and this is your opponent
I’ve played games of and I’m still yet to score a header..
I got soooo much delay even the AI stands around and watches my oppo run past. My AI is literally behind play. Does…
Any improvements for k?
I’m officially done with FIFA....
Hi all, I will be live at :30pm this evening! Plan for the stream includes: Potential Players Squad Batt…
These three players (250k) are absolutely on
Do you enjoy career mode on ? Well if that’s a yes, why not come join the best Fantasy League online where…
Watching my favorite YouTubers cause I don’t have the game yet
someone tell me how to get this kit please?
West Ham player ratings for FIFA in full | Squawka
Is the Guardiola worth getting from the Icon Swaps?
Prediction WEEK5 out now! follow for more ‍️…
th round -1 vs. Byan_Toffin GG, well played!
Getting in some VOLTA with . How are you liking this game mode?
is so trash with this dogshit servers !
I took this shite back the shop today. Absolute dog shit it is!
LIVE NOW ️ FUT CHAMPS &amp; MARBLES ️
GUYS, guess what.... is still unplayable garbage
waiting for a patch before I play another game of this shit
Are you enjoying?
When I first got fifa20 it was really good but they have done something to it now it’s shit
Great...
Jean-Victor Makengo joins in a swap deal that sees Philippe Sandler move to League One outfit …
Another day another stream, going live once again for more , currently sat at -5 so come hang fellas…
Two of my favourite things on a Sunday, and my son
Completed !!! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
We are LIVE! Come ask me questions about trading and the state of the game.
Geiles Match.
When an objective says starting squad does that include the subs or just starting ?
I can afford one of these players for my Ultimate Team. Which one should I go for?
Anyone care to elain to me how this is offside? The games a joke. …
I'm having lots of fun with squad I created to complete one of the ICON Swaps objectives which is must win s…
Anyone elain why my vvd bolts up the field any time i go forward? Checked all my tactics.
Finished with a -3 record in my first ever qualifier... Lost (0-2)(1-4) to Hopefully improve my te…
Got new FIFA videos on the way today guys we have a MUFC career mode video &amp; Hybrid League SBC video should be li…
BTW Marc Overmars is right footed, not left footed like in . Can we finally change thi…
Fifa19 skill gap &gt; skill gap. This game is sooooooo fucking bad!!!!
Some one and Man Utd’s training ground has defo made the new free kicks and corners update on because they useless af
Another day, another Career Mode glitch - Man City playing a LB up top against me despite Aguero and Jesus…
- please investigatie these two PS4 accounts promotions relegation is impossible
FIFA Icon Swaps: How to Get All Icon Swaps Tokens - Twinfinite
FIRST PACK OPENING OF FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM
We have some transfer news for you we have signed a very fantastic player for the season we are proud …
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
Anyone that has purchased ,000 fifa points on xbox please reply
Heading on fifa is shocking and career mode is broken
If you aren’t already I highly recommend doing the bronze pack method ⭐️
ICON SWAP CRESPO REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
THE CULTURE THE WORLD FAVOURITE NEWSPAPER IS NOW ONLINE STAY UP TO DATE WITH THE WEEKLY NEWS AND GOSSIP AROUND THE…
is actually a mind f*ckery
Just pulled a duplicate untradable Gnabry is there a way to do the transfer list glitch? …
is all skill &amp; football IQ they said...1 v more rewarding they said... tackling is more rewarding they sa…
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝙑𝙁𝙇 𝘾𝙝𝙚𝙡𝙨𝙚𝙖󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home -He be…
This week EA fucked me on more than credible investment. Luckily I sold most in the hype. From today I will be se…
Is anyone else just going to do the offline objectives for the Icon Swaps i think im going that way
Ultimate difficulty on is ridiculously easy. I’m winning every game -0 ffs. Fix up , glad I downloaded Pro Evo.
Thanks wanna clarify why you gave me points for this?
Right , I don’t know how long you spend making Fifa . But like the refereeing is very poor …
Guten Morgen, Football Sunday! Going Live With A Shorter Stream On While We Wait On This Ravens Game To…
We're hosting RioTheDrunken on Mixer playing ! Be sure to show them some support!
Live for some FUT Champions! -
Boards or Walkout..... Dutch Flag..... CF!!!!!!!!! Depay
"We FiXeD gOaLkEePeRs GuYs"
fix the game, cant do simple passes without it going to opponents also you “fixed keepers” all they do it r…
Actual footage leaked of me playing Fifa
Couple, couple, control the st man and bring him to the near post and whip it in then you have a better chance of…
FFS RIP Alexis Sanchez OTW 🤣 Every single year, the OTW Player in my club gets a long term injury. Unbelievable…
ahahaha some people... I mean... I'm not complaining!
Can you hold unlimited cards in the unassigned again this year?
Hey guys, it's that time again! Give away time!! We have season battle passes to give away for our loyal foll…
Someone buy my lineker on xbox need coins so can do weekend league pls
Fix your shit game
Squad battles also friendlys with viewers live at
Might open packs later. Prayers for the luck
The servers have never been this bad. Button delay, speed up lag, you name it. Please, for the love of God…
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
FIFA Reddit: Fans are begging EA to give Joao Felix a face scan 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
*Until you Change your mindset, every driven opportunities looks like fake &amp; impossible to achieve by you &amp; while y…
Live in about an hour ! WL , let's try and get gold again !
Another SNIPING FILTER to set this one up all you have to do is POSITION RM/ NATIONALITY BRAZIL/ COINS BUY NOW…
If this happens to me during the weekend league my Xbox is going out of the window!
how do i go from winning; -1 -1 -1 to then losing -1 in the draft final by half time bcos a guy has Messi, Ron…
loving my first WL in nothing better than being an absolute shithouse
This is some fut champs kind of bullshit...
FIFA ? Oh yeah we got that ... VR? of course....
MARTINELLI TO THE RESCUE! // - CAREER MODE / via
La playlist &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Double upload day part two and its online gameplay which everyone loves! Ep
I've just sold k players WTF
I just lost to a guy who had shot on goal at the th minute mark. That shot was a fucking free kick. Drop back…
Wow using the no friendly work only works vs human, ai v ai still sucks
No worries EA, everything is fine...…
Thinking of doing an XBOX ONE Fifa tournament. Will be a prize. Group Stage then Knockouts over a couple of week…
Dortmund on is a bad ass team! Don’t me!
addiction is real I’ve signed to
improvements? ~ k
Continuing my games now! -4 currently. LETS GO!
Ah man you lot are droopy spastics. How the fuck am I gonna take a penalty put it top bins yet it rolls on the floo…
Simulation League Table &amp; Standings. Youtube Channel:
“Triangle to Ronaldo” Game plan for the next year!
Snipe me at pm uk time ps4 only I do most my giveaways on insta
I’m a Gold player, so after wins I’m good. Relax on Sunday n no stress
Sunday Fifa Sesh right now over on my channel …
FIFA Reddit: Fans are begging EA to give Joao Felix a face scan - RealSport101
My career mode is broken everyone putting a reserve team out how do i fix this
For the culture!
Subscribe To My Youtube Channel 🤗
-6 in the weekend league I’m pretty happy with. Somehow managed to fit in games after having such a busy weeke…
Haha love changingmy settings in champs
I have no idea how did it, but they have made the worst version of I’ve played, to the point th…
Scored my first bicycle kick...offside...but it wasn't offside. Cheers EA
How many Icon Swaps do people have ?? I've got so far. Plan for the upcoming week is to get Golden Rivals and PL…
Just let me skill in peace
Elain. Trying to do these icon swaps objectives and this happens frequently. Please fix your game. …
These icon objectives are impossible fuck off
th round -5 vs. eltito_delfifaYT GG, well played!
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £30/30$/30€ Order through DM for steps.…
Struggling to get the correct balance between defending and attacking my n numbers, anyone any decent tips formatio…
So far, so good
Someone share play and play the rest of my FUT Champs games
AND WE ARE LIVE!! PLAYING THE REMAINDER OF OUR WEEKEND LEAGUE GAMES, CAN WE GET OUR BEST EVER FINISH?!?!?…
MLS Icon Swap done. Initially thought I could play on world class and play any squad. Bad mistake lost in a row s…
WONDERING WHAT ICONS TO GET IN ICON SWAPS??? CHECK OUT THE PLAYLIST TO FIND OUT THE BEST ICONS YOU CAN GET!!!! ️️…
Dear can we assign a different kit, stadia, and theme for each squad? Instead of just one for all, th…
An accurate look at what playing on delayed gameplay is like.
NEW VIDEO LADZ AND LADZES …
Start making coins now with our trading method guides here --&gt;
Solution for FIFA delay are new LOCATIONS for new servers. We need machines in Iberian Peninsula, Italian Peninsula…
Went through the whole of fifa pro clubs by crossing and heading in !! Havent scored a header yet in fifa pro…
Best trading/sniping method out there right now
Content Schedule for the next days: prediction MM prediction…
Haven't played fifa the past couple days as its been my Bday so going to grind out some squad Battles for tonight's…
FIFA stream before work playin pro clubs come say hi
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
FUT Champs is easy....Don't forget people play this game for a living. Frightening.
ok, so Messi on is massively OP
How is this offside..........
and will be competing in the !
Ive literally had no eerience of shit gameplay until today my teams literally cant do anything, getting outpaced…
Help!! Now it’s happening to me as well as my lads account Why am I so close to elite …
How many times? ️
Fuck this dogshit game
FIFA Career Mode Episode - Season Highlights! via
Who are these commentators??? looks so real Section of Division Rivals
FIFA Download PC
What we think lads?
Offsides are % broken, not hating, but Please can you fix them? Or at least…
Fifa Career Mode Leeds United Ep6 via
Which icon swaps are you going to pack?
FIFA Download PC
drop back needs to go.
Career Mode after the next update:
Absolutely devastating feeling to come out of a tough game with a win, only to realise it was Rivals and not Champs. 🤦‍️
Happy to Sign For VFL Chelsea󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 For Season (40)
Finished gold this weekend which I am happy with. Found a solution to play with wired internet instead of wireles…
just won drafts in the space of hours and didn't get one player over rated
Apparently this is a missed penalty 🤔🤔
Worst weekend league ever. Wtf. I allready don 't enjoy this game. I only play away games. Why is that? The button…
From loosing my first games in a row I have pulled it back, wins with two games left you are the m…
TRADING RTG DAY -26 - Daily flipping - Sniping - Hunter / Shadow method ~200k profit after tax It aint much fo…
Sorry but it was worth it
These man don’t deserve these teams on FUT. I just moved to a man that had Messi, Neymar and Mbappe upfront, Two…
Suprised this team name is allowed on squad battles
LAST WL GAMES! - RTG
Every opponent in quits the game with a . No chance to finish a game with a lead now
Some more bullshit. shots on target he has and draw -1 also not to mention he scored in the last few…
Anybody else still press Y/Triangle to put a squad fitness on? 🤣🤷‍️
Gonna go live again around UK time (50 mins from now) to discuss the dip last night, squad battles investments an…
A Shop In The UK Will Give Customers A Free Haircut If They Beat Them At FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
West Ham star Robert Snodgrass has Liverpool fans in stitches with FIFA comment 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Marquee Matchups Prediction: Week , October th
FREE FIRST OWNER PLAYER WITHOUT SPENDING MONEY!!! FIFA ICON SWAPS GUIDE …
FUTCHAMPS REWARDS WEEK ONE!// ULTIMATE TEAM - PROJECT / via
Penalties are a no go for me, but I think my first two goals were headers from corners!
Got dcs in a row in Champs after getting a bar latency in each of them Really losing my love for this game
FIFA is the most scripted fifa I ever played
Iv picked up for between -21k cant go wrong with an prem inform for near k will rise out of packs and if n…
Should pay to win teams play against RTGs in …
Cheap k epl squad builder from one of our discord members! Would you like to see more squad builders? Comment b…
Getting some mad delay on weekend league right now . The guy is celebrating his goals like a nutter which ma…
Want to win some time in the Arena⁉️ Why not try our leader board challenge Get the fastest goal on and y…
When you get and realise The Journey isnt on it
I'm using extra stamina walking and can't sprint, ai on constant pressure but don't lose any
Wow is worse than last year. wont be buying any more of these scripted games. People spend real money to b…
Squad Improvments? Budget k+Player Swapped
Great work mate --- Try Futinator: --- …
I have a funny feeling that the nd set of tokens will be harder and involve SBCs as those tokens represent the…
Timing
Mystery Ball in lets goooooooooo - Lmfao
New Video …
You should ask , he probably already make hattrick in .
So far I'm at hatemail and compliment in my first WL.
Thomas 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
To the person who thought bringing out was a good idea
This what I do best. Trophies.
Teddy watching me win the premier league.
Another L, shots on target and goals? And no own goals either.
Wanna be BETTER on FIFA20? Watch this: Learn from the pros
Well, it would be career mode if it was playable... Volta is a dead mode.
Can somebody please elain on FUT I’m getting matched with crazy teams and I’ve got accy stanley players.
Live! Playing some Pro Clubs then continuing my FUT Champs games!
Dead game
Morning, how are you doing? How's FUT Champs/Icon objectives going for you? I've got a damn cold but will still be…
Finished gold , you love to see it
New video out later
Me everytime i hear “Im derrick rae and im joined by lee din”
Fifa is the name, bronze packs is the game!
Second WL observations: % of my opponents run Prem team with Zaha and/or Vardy up top -Drop back depth defend…
Hitting for the first time this year feels so amazing! …
in a nutshell. Didn't need to aim a pass anyway
Have you ever been battered so bad on fifa you go AFK ?
New SNIPING FILTER get on it quick How to set it up QUALITY GOLD / POS MIDFIELDER / NATIONALITY ARGENTINA /LEAGUE…
FIFA Career Mode Series in HINDI Episode - Coaching Team India! Watch: Like. Share.…
For people struggeling with tactics: Play : - ST get in behind - Middle CAM stay forward - CDM’s stay back -…
You know it's when you manage to pull off this blinding deal
The BEST K Ultimate Team in FIFA | Fifa Ultimate Team New video just gone live go a…
Fucking rebounds
Not good enough for top this week🥺 happy with the new team dalglish-messi
Who is your favourite fifa youtuber?
A Shop In The UK Will Give Customers A Free Haircut If They Beat Them At FIFA
Team Update
Me when I lose on fifa and the door bumps into me
Top Packs on RTG
A Shop In The UK Will Give Customer Free Haircut If You Beat Them At FIFA
Team Update
NEW FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY Click my twitter page View my pinned post Follow the simple steps!! x Fifa poin…
st RTG Team
The delay today is a joke. Went -9 on Rivals today. Never had I erienced a toxic day like that in
Keepers on ultimate team when a cross is wiped in
I love dis game
FIFA Download PC
Someone please make me a M team on
Today's trade Joao Felix otw Risk - Low Price - k max Sell - Tomorrow before Portugal play. Sell in hype D…
GUESS THE FINAL SCORE...🤣 (I am the away team)
Gone from -2 on Saturday in Champs to -5 this morning. Kill me now
This is a royal announcement... On FIFA Virgil Van Dijk is a beast ️ …
Me Everyday: why do I play this trashy game? What a piece of s*** this game is!!! Delay, scripting, unrealistic mov…
Save % on Fifa : € -&gt; € Go -&gt;
I was eliminated in knockouts today but overall still happy with how i played, there was many games that the score…
The Volta Mode is legendary, and we can vouch for it! Buy FIFA Jumbo now! …
This FUT Champs I’ve gone from -1 to -7 to -7
Piatti's finesse againts Stegen from long range.
Letsgo it only took a month to make me quit their trash game. Never touching it again dm if you want to buy…
Keep scrolling right Kindly share and drop a follow please! …
Walcott worth or not?
Scored with a header on . From a corner as well. Probably the one and only I'll score for the whole of Fifa .
What should be my first new purchase?
Volta has to be the worst game mode I’ve ever played on any game.
As Pacific Com (UNP) Stock Price Rose, Holder Crestwood Advisors Has Decreased Its ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Hey Yaya, I have k to spend. Everything is tradeable.
And please follow me
Team Of The Week
Is no one doing the icon swaps on fifa? Im here with a non rare la lige squad and only matching ahainst fut champs…
anyone want k done w this game
Who to go for Pep and Ferdinand or Nesta and Ballack 🤔🤔🤔
Anyone know how many days we have to complete the challenges to get the icon swap cards ?
The aim was always wins this first weekend league to do it with games left is even better.... …
FIFA Standard edition codes selling out. Only left! Get yours now! £30/30$/30€ Order through DM for steps.…
Will be streaming my reaction to the first FUT Champions Cup on stream, when it starts! have to support the boys fr…
Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team ️
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. Youtube Channel: …
Why should you play this game if you don’t even want to score, hate these kind of players. …
Aubameyang, Arsenal and FIFA free to use phone wallpaper. All I ask is if you like it please retweet it. Foll…
Because of you Brexiteers I’m getting abused on . You lot don’t know what you’ve caused lool
Got swap tokens, do I get Nesta lads?
It's very hard to predict SBC this year. but UCL MM and the normal MM are a safe investment️ I will post today my…
Did the national pride germqny players sbc and got these as the reward
Unfortunately game away for Elite ...
Think this may be the most sweaty and frustrating Fifa I have ever played. Every game feels like so much pressure i…
FLASHBACK SBCs PREDICTIONS Ramos - Based on his TOTY card Willems - Based on his TOTS card …
I’ve been in a garbage mood all day, but my first eerience with having poor gameplay — during my first ga…
FIFA20 PRO CLUB live at
Elain 🤷‍️
Sundays are for
There’s a special place reserved in Hell for Bell Ends who watch replays on
Things I planned to waste my time on this weekend: -Catch up on How To Get Away With Murder -El Camino -Fracture…
Arena Clash️ MON TUE WED THUR FRI For Clash Streams…
in a nutshell.
Is anyone else not a fan of the gameplay in ? I've only seen positive things written about it but I am really not a fan so far.
Wow, that’s a decent pull!
K Fifa Points For Sale. . Selling Fifa coins and Fifa points! PS4 K Points. Worth RRP £240
And this precisely is why I didn't buy a digital copy of the game... I could not trust that EA would leave the game…
It is the worst ever mechanism for penalties in a fifa that I ever saw in years.
Updates Grimaldo LB 🇪🇸 - up to k Montoya RB 🇪🇸 - up to k Morata/Diego Costa ST 🇪🇸 - up to k Draxle…
Back once again with some more aiming to complete season objectives
i’ve decided. My icon swaps will be.. NESTA 🇮🇹 Ballack 🇩🇪
Finally !! it was worth the wait !
When nobody else will go answer the door!
fifa20 great goal xboneHD via …
We end the stream with a record of: -5. While it is an improvement over last week and I'm pretty happy with ho…
NEW - feat KARLU TRISTAN JORDAN M…
Seriously Fifa is so bad it’s unbelievable. What is wrong with the penalties and free kicks?!
Team update
is so realistic that you can’t score from a corner using
First FUT Champs finished! After being -10 finished on -14 Gonna gift my last games. But what a hell of a w…
OMG I LOVE THIS BEAST CARD!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
I’m live playing some Fifa20 come join say hi …
Is it worth firing up on yet? Usually start with a league two team anyway (negating some of the…
Another day, another problem... taking kick off and one of my wingers always starts in the corner of…
Im yet to enter the weekend league this year on what’s your records this weekend?
Any improvement? Second is ingame
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
LIVE!!! With Packs first off..
Last week I finished on with wins /30. this weekend I hit . Was involved in a toe to toe…
icon swaps down i’m coming for you sanchez
Finished -3 in the WL, pretty happy with that overall but I was -1 so it got messy at the end but still happy.…
Well this is the first and last time I’ll be playing weekend league
Secured gold after a rubbish start, can’t complain
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
FIFA Download PC
Does anyone know which cheap laptop is suitable to play Fifa on?
It's unbelievable that I've reached k followers on Instagram! I'm grateful for every follower and I can't thank y…
FIFA Download PC
Looking good on the market, some small tradings with Hernandez. Considering I got them for under k after they all…
FIFA Coins and Points Now Restocked!! £12 per k £20 preloaded full access points account. Any console. DM us!!!
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
weird and how accurate that in that is asking me to put him in my side but he is wit…
Looking at all the objectives I need to complete so I can get Icon Gerrard.
FIFA BOT TAKES CONTROL OF MY TEAM WTF!! The most outrageous bug!!!
Wissam
Lets fucking go first time getting elite on any fifa
Stats are so useless. Every damn pace CB can single handed pocket Auba, Lucas Moura, Sancho &amp; Traore. + dribblin…
Time to prove my lack of ability year in year out
First five games of fut champions vs last five games of fut champions
Help me! Since CB's don't tackle the ball properly, do i sell Ramos and put Militao in to buy Neymar?
and I oop...
They play in hours, sell in the hype!
Who is this ?
I’m this close of losing my mind , thanks
Please suggest improvements.. k coins to spend..
Is Josef martinez sbc Card any good - is he worth the coins
Play your own game. Create your own instructions combination...Why play if you're gonna copy and paste teams, instr…
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
Seriously this has to be the worst ever made. Huge flaws in the game from career mode, passing, cross…
Hahaha scripting doesnt exist.
Well....after starting my fut champs with a record of games wins, we finished with gold ! Not bad for my firs…
So I just found Juventus name and jersey has been changed on
Anyone know if you can sub on players not from CSL/MLS/Eredivisie for the SB challenges? 🤔
There’s never been less of a skill gap than in
Commentary on is shite that is wank
squad battles
Live Now -5 FUT Champs Elite dream still alive!
Only one thing to do when the opponent has a Brighton badge on ultimate team...
Pre stream ting!!! FUT Champs Grind here we go!!!
when you skip your replays and your opponent scores then runs up to the corner flag and dabs
Look What I'm Doing For Villas VFL Team During My Trial
Had to win my last games of champs to get into gold , game disconnected when I was -1 up and it counted as a lo…
I do this and will forever and always do this. Fight me
After an horrendous start and being /6 from played,I pulled it out the bag winning the last on the bounce! Ne…
Its that time again! Fut champs Sunday lets get them dubs! /150 followers /10 subs …
Good Morning! Today's video ... Twitch peeps will like the beginning! Also why can't the game be like this all t…
Last night in WL i had a perfect connection for the very first time in GP was amazing I have been slatin…
google3d …
Opinions, planning on getting Pirlo or Keane on Icon Swaps (replace Sarabia) &amp; then possibly Ramos at LCB.. ️…
Morning team Uploaded early today
Is anyone else having problems with international games during career mode? Like the line up introduces there is no…
My fifa goal last night
On a serious level, why are the EA servers on Fifa so bad? Actually embarrassing from such a big company.
Well I was hoping this might be the first time I ever hit elite was -2 now -4 lost games cause my team feels…
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
FIFA simulation featuring the Manchester City going up against the Atalanta in UCL Group Stage.…
-0 down in the th minute and they start passing it across the back time wasting..
Hopefully this year i can compete in the fifa eWorld cup really going to try my best
Lucas Moura as CAM, or Rashford as Striker? They’re both around -70k
This game is so boring. Everyone is sitting in depth, defending with their offensive players and when you finally…
I'm currently -1 this weekend and only got around another hours spare to play, see how far we can get What's you…
The grind begins road to pep and rio
Twitter I need your help. Struggling to find a play style that works and need a new team. These are my best…
Any changes i could do to improve the team k to spend!
JUMP IN! DRAFT ORDER HAPPENING SOON
Goals are from timed finishing,deflected,rebound and through the legs of the gk. wtf fifa …
The ahead for Oct. to Oct. 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
me next time , jk, Sad state of gaming in India, adding to the delay just blatantly getting Dc’d! …
TOTW investment sell on Wednesday before TOTW ANNOUNCED player to invest in is weston mckennie hatrick in minu…
Does Anyone Know How I Can Connect A Ultimate Team (origin account) from one ps4 to the other and keep the same items etc.
We are LIVE!!!! With some We have our last games today. currently -5 so lets see how thi…
FIFA Download PC
Help I have no idea why I can’t get chemistry I already change the RF guy to another one
FIFA Download PC
That’s me done for this ! Happy with gold on the poor man account. Swipe ri…
Yo , would it be possible to send some rebounds and /50 wins my way? It seems as if you forgot about me over here
games of Weekend League to get done today... Streams gonna be a long one
I RATE YOUR TEAMS! ICON SWAPS EDITION! ULTIMATE TEAM via
What’s your favourite player you’ve played with on so far
FIFA coins guide: how to (legally) buy and sell your assets to maximise profits ️
Been having pack luck with your new ? If you're running low on contracts or you're looking f…
No matter how bad your Weekend League is going, it cannot get worse than this
Whats everyones records for FUT Champs?
Keep banging on about it but this is the absolute worst gameplay I've ever played, you're punished for trying to ta…
Is it me or is there no where to see how many champs games I have left
The Goat
likes and I’ll go live!!
icon swaps objectives for rivals is fucking shite. It says "7 first owner players in your starting squad" b…
Gold this weekend in my first weekend league. Still have games left but leaving it there. Need to sort my tac…
Managed to finish -9. Really annoying lost my last to kill my chances of Elite. Happy though playing some reall…
Got my done from what I currently own but have a fair few sbcs to do so I’ll get on that to hopefully ge…
So this morning. Played two. Scored eight. Conceded ten. To summaries i can't defend for toffee. Any tips…
Weekend League live. 🇺🇸🇩🇪
If you are going to do the icon swaps squad battles objectives couple of tips - try and do them in the space of on…
FIFA Download PC
I have FIFA . Is worth the upgrade ?
FIFA Download PC
Struggling in FUT Champs? Check out my latest video-&gt; Watch till the end for the ultimat…
So I got a penalty in the th minute and my opponent disconnected to prevent me from getting the win!! This crab b…
Can someone elain what an SBC account is??
Investment opportunities Grimaldo LB 🇪🇸 - bid or snipe under k Montoya RB 🇪🇸 - mass bid Morata/Diego Cost…
If you havent already invested in Manchester United players ho0e is not lost you can still get matic for discard pr…
Why is career mode on so crap? Every team we face play their youth team, all the big teams were releg…
Loving this Career Mode realism mod, along with having realistic results, I love these little UI additions.…
Not only it’s international break from football and will most likely suck. I have struggled real bad with fut champs.
There is still about h+ for this survey to end. We are close to answers! Take a look and share to your fri…
Any upgrades to this team
Question for the community with Packs are the players based on the pool of players availabl…
So.. is it wins in to automatically qualify or ?
Watch 's first EVER game of
The best Premier League FUT starter team for under ,000 coins ️ ️…
Upgrades for this team?
-6 on Fut Champs. On a game win streak. games remaining. Gold is possible but I'll take Gold .
A nice strike from Brandt in Weekend League. Disappointing weekend only finishing gold with a -13 record. Go ag…
Local South Africans gain eligibility to play in FUT Champions!
Get your hands on our Blue Old School Football Print. Only £4 Including Delivery …
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
How much have you spent on FIFA 's ultimate team mode so far?
FIFA Download PC
Anybody know how I can fix this?
Is a Leicester side who had just won last season premier league with players' overall averaging of s not worthy o…
AI &amp; Manual Defending Joke Autoblocks Joke Rebounds Joke Finishing Joke Disconnects Joke DDA Joke Surprise mechanic…
FIFA Download PC
NEW VIDEO UP ON THE CHANNEL! Click the link to watch: …
FIFA Skill Moves Guide: All PS4 and Xbox One controls - RealSport
Anyone play and think you’re decent in rivals and then try draft and are -0 down in minutes? Don’t get w…
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Road To Access to your preferred platfor…
Fuckers , Fix this fucking gameplay, wtf r u ppl doing
FIFA Skill Moves Guide: All PS4 and Xbox One controls - RealSport101
It’s AM and here I am celebrating an amazing signing for the club!
The matchfinder ladders are open for today until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All…
So i had a flu jab last week and now i feel like i have the flu still its more enjoyable feeling like boiled shit than playing
Buy after rewards, snipe from :00 AM and bid from :00 AM.
Wish I could add Pogba to this
Late night Feef!
has so many random bugs. Look carefully at this kickoff shot. -3-3. Hang on...yes, that’s my LF starting t…
Hasn't played all season, transfer listed and now wants a new contract with increased wages 🤣
I've lost games in a row! - I win the ball it goes back his player - My keeper can't catch a ball - The player…
Welcome to Gfinity Esports! via a safe simulation in the video…
It’s official is the most RAGE INDUCING game in a generation! ! sort it out …
I see the majority of people hating on this years FIFA but I think it's the best one we've had in a long time! Just me?
NOW AVAILABLE: . We are open from am to midnight. WE ARE LOCATED ON PLOT V1 CONTAFRICA, KAMWOKYA AFTER…
I'm tired of shooting shots at Target and only getting one or two goals. This game drives me insane.
Out the keepers hands!.
Any improvements with k? Doherty and maximin untradeable
We are LIVE on playing SPOOK CHAMPS DAY is here - Current Record:…
clean
not this glitch again. come on EA
uhhh, what am I seeing
oiiiii what a pull from the Marquee Matchups SBC
Got games left. Need wins for Gold . Heading to bed. Will do the last on stream later today. At some point.…
The reason why clubs is unplayable and Career mode is broken
Don't miss out on your chance to win a FREE copy of FIFA '20 for PS4/XBox to celebrate the launch of the UK's st F…
I bought strictly to play with .
G double upload day! st upload is ep and it goes through the team changes and what happened on stream! EP :…
is so much better than this year. Option files are fantastic for PES. That combined with better gr…
It’s the fifth time this has happened compensation from the draft? Sort your servers out fucking hell…
Firstbank Cup hits the centenary mark 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The UK Physical Charts See FIFA At Top Spot 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FUT Team GK: Kasper RB: Aurier CB: Bailly &amp; Lindelof LB: Angelino CDM: Gbamin CM: Tielemans &amp; Maddison RW: Shaqi…
What is the best FIFA ever released
The UK Physical Charts See FIFA At Top Spot - One Angry Gamer
Here we have the Solution for
The UK Physical Charts See FIFA At Top Spot |
Who went an invested in MCTOMINAY like i advised because he has nearly double in price already if you did miss that…
Here we have the / Guide for
ICON Swaps Grind - Squad Battles NED - Football Chat &amp; Chill
What the fuck is going on with packs atm! Today I have packed - Griezmann k - Son k - Lewa k More pac…
Maddison in FUT is a must in your team and his work rate is amazing. The best coins I have spent in FUT.…
Did it go out?
I want this man to get POTM SBC. So I can complete it and get him into my squad. …
Day of Fut champs, streamlabs not acting right won the st games on a choppy stream. Come give your boy some su…
Whats up fam! I am live! Currently -0 in WL and continuing to push for greatness! Btw, I haven't done my SBCs ye…
FIFA Volta Story Full Walkthrough In HINDI Part : Like. Share. Subscirbe. …
Anyone got any ideas how to do loyal lads SBC... can't get over chemistry
Top Trader Top Squad Battles Top FUT Champions is the real deal. GG
Boys what have I done!?!?!?!? LETS GOOOOO -0!!!! And most importantly, we FUT Verified for the year! …
That’s losses this weekend league due to skip lag. Thanks for a glowing online eerience with…
Just wrapped up my st WL for and I can't believe I ended up in Gold . I've never reached that fa…
Investment real quick: those metas with higher ratings will bounce back the next WL. Buying option is today…
FIFA Download PC
Sweden&amp; Dennerby set to be appointed as head coach of India U17 Women&amp; football team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
The goal
This is honestly the worst fifa its a fucking joke
separate games where I’m down by a goal and the servers disconnect while Theres well over minutes left to play…
If you ever thought to stay up one time until SB rewards this and the following weekends are the right time. SB rew…
Fifa Ultimate Team: Five of the best and cheap midfielders to boost your FUT …
If you have attempted p2w this year on fifa20 then for some I hope your credit cards can be refunded under fraud as…
I feel satisfied knowing that I've reached level on ... this will be the celebration for the rest of the…
Ea don’t know to make a video game , GK’s are useless they get beaten near post. If they actually got advise from a…
everyone doing no loss glitch lol what a joke smfh
Make that the set piece system entirely... bravo
Here with the boys...
is absolute crap! That is until I get used to the minute changes in ball control and shooting made from .
Happy Birthday ! GG in this year.
I'm sorry but the new Harry Styles song could not be more suited to be a song.
Have to say that the penalty system is a huge improvement on last year. A fantastic simulation. Finally we have some improvements
I got Sule, Sancho, Donnarumma, Kimmich, L. Hernandez, &amp; K. Coman. Not a bad window
With every passing year I realise, the latest version of Fifa keeps getting shittier and shittier each year.. Absol…
Not sure how you guys feel about Fifa right now but my thoughts are pretty much summed up in this one clip of we…
BRO WTF did I just play lmao Poor dude man
Managed to get a ps4 again. Lets grind some
You know what 's -4-2 tactics got me on an undefeated streak in fucking Rivals yesterday. Played…
According to the BBC report, Wolves fans will be permitted to watch the game providing they hold 'category one…
No greater pleasure than humiliating a sweaty goals player on FIFA
Check out surfinjr's Live PS4 Broadcast . lets go
Pukki seals a crazy -5 win hahahaha Only in
Will be posting an overnight selling method which is low effort and can make you decent coins while ur sleeping!
How’s giggs Icon? As a united fan I’d love to get him in my team.
Ben Yedder OTW is a madness
Sadio mane in a k pack 🥳
Ben Yedder super-sub
Can someone shareplay Want to be able to keep using the web app
FIFA - INDIA in WORLD CUP ! Match : Subscribe for more. …
Does anyone know what these buttons are supposed to do in ? They don’t seem to do anything like moving or tu…
-4 for the second weekend on Fut Champions! Elite baby!!
So this happened in .. Guys on on mic "YOOOOO bro, just kick it already" I left the game hoping it wo…
EA Sports’ FIFA has fended off competition from Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Breakpoint to remain top of the UK sale…
I hope this zombie cow gets it revenge...
off-peak deals now ️on hotels
-6 I played only games of champs today and I'm just drained completely guys. Don't know if I have it in me to c…
Yo Motherfucker What's the point of st owner objective in relation to playing this game? What d…
Current team right now ——&gt; in-game. CSL Brazilians are so OP and would go for $$$ if they were in a top league. M…
FIFA Download PC
Hi - hope you can answer as you couldn't answer my tweets. Why our servers so horrible?!? It…
Defending is shit in
How do you break something like this depth drop back dude. It's just mentally draining and without good players m…
Gold1 clutched on the
has some of your trade secrets.
How icon swipes work ?
Not even going to watch that Usyk fight. Should be a formality, heavyweight debut or not. Back to career mode on
As New Mtn Fin (NMFC) Share Value Declined, Round Table Services Increased Holding by ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I love playing football games so much and love playing video games but this years fifa is so broken from the start…
is the worst FIFA of all time. Facts.
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
Kick about!? PSN
Still learning this game and I’m not good. Meddling between formations/ players/tactics and losing penalty shoot…
Kashima Antlers …
PLEASE UPDATE THE PRICE RANGE OF ICONS ON FUT , THANKS.…
WATCH - ICON Swaps Objectives - How to Beat World Class Difficulty on Squad Battles - Composing a MLS squad…
It's almost time...
My current team. pretty happy with it so far.
LIVE !Instagram !discord !ricky USE CODE: greasy …
live at
FIFA - FIRST ICON SWAP COMPLETED - PEP GUARDIOLA - IS HE A GOOD CDM?!? …
Just about to go to bed but first I used my draft token... What a team!
All about spamming drafts and getting them rewards
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) FUT CHAMPS Episode Access to your prefer…
I really have wins and loses in I don’t even know what to say or do anymore .. I don’t even have th…
Lmao I was an idiot and accidentally played a Rivals game instead of Champs and this is what I get for it. Wish I t…
The true Chelsea No.8
FIFA Download PC
Ready to watch a grown man suck at the same franchise he's played for over decades? FIFA20, live now.…
The more you're playing , the more you're discovering how doesn't Care about the players's feeling as…
Going live in mins!!!!! Tune in as we continue the Weekend league!!!! VAMOS!!!!!!!
OMG !!! .... had an unlock gold pack from the mega pack opening doing the volta sbc.
I'm having a shocker in WL this weekend -7 atm it's still a learning curve in FIFA so It'll take time, so I…
fix the fucking game
ULTIMATE TEAM | FUT CHAMPIONS PACK via FIFA FUT CHAMPS REWARDS AND…
Road to Rivaldo 🤙️
Selling M coins on
Yooo, what a stream!! Thank you so much for tonight guys! Absolutely amazing. coming in with my…
I’m playing on semi-pro and a... yeah.
Time for some FUT CHAMPS! Lets try and get some wins!
Who would y’all buy in
Selling M coins
shittest game. Creators should get fired
Currently /5, will do more to complete games, hope I can go /5, playing really sh*t this WL. What is your Record?
Improve the bug that makes it impossible to use skills in career mode of FIFA20! This makes no sense to do career m…
Women soccer players are the kindest, most appreciative, talented group of athletes. They deserve . In awe…
A pto del liderato live at
WEEKEND LEAGUE
is not fun, at all. I tried to play one game(in squad battles). I turned it off minutes in. Passes weren…
Oh wow is less then ,929 subscribers to be on twitch
Getting better at free-kicks.
FIFA Download PC
I just packed an Eden Hazard out of a gold pack thank you it’s the first time I’ve been fucked by y…
Go and watch episode of the FIFA Road to Glory! A very decent episode in which we tra…
Bros this was my best pack in terms of value of all fifas, I did in the previous wl and I got s%*t, like discard…
Sold all of these now, all are at k profit each after tax at least. (side note: selling investments in the club a…
Episode of the career mode is out guys do watch and subscribe …
Securing gold with a game to spare
I’m playing ! ️
Kids im playing Benzema as CM Watch me go pro
Tipps?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Anyone else having the freezing glitch on , my game froze mid game, but game was still playin…
Got my first icon swaps objective rewards , more to go !!
Soon
-0 Road to Gold
From -2 to -7 .... Whenever i start getting delay its impossible for me to win! games lost in a row! Never…
Solid hour stream tonight grinding Futchamps. Got myself gold and still got games spare. Will make the final…
Weekend League Goal selection vol.4
k beasts solid in champs too even v neymar &amp; Co. Ben Yedder for Rodrigo next upgrade
Weekend League Goal selection vol.3
How's that possible that a few guys can make a patch for PC to and a huge company like …
Was playing a game then I got kicked while the score was -1, now I have been waiting for minutes!! Just hope th…
Weekend League Goal selection vol.2
[FIFA20]Weekend League Goal selection vol.1
Get Wrecked.
k packs are fucking dogshit
Abbvie (ABBV) Shareholder Horseman Capital Management LTD Boosted Stake by $360000 ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
-4. Am playing out of my mind atm. Never been this far in champs with this many losses before. Trying my hardest…
| reaches million players in two weeks
Alex Hunter is not in
Things you love to see: : It : Below photos Nice little flip whilst I'm laying around. Almost thought I'd miss…
surely type of score line is unicorn rare for this fkn game
I know probably don’t care but the gameplay inconsistencies in are too much for this game to…
FIFA Download PC
many reasons why fifa is the shittest ever )Wen you skip a…
EA cup
Selling Coins k = £13. only Only PayPal DM if interested
win - loses ......
When someone goes depth, drop back in fut champs
the latest update has made the game worse. Impossible to score, AI defensive decision making is awful and none of t…
I'm sure pressing shoot and pass is for a fake shot, I was clean on goal, cut in and tried to shoot. Why?
-2 then won every game, through to the knockouts tomorrow
Just me who cba playing rivals this year?
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
Squad battles is so fixed, losing -0 bring it back to -3 and then I concede from a rebound in the th minute🤬
Me going to gold in the weekend league like
I bet on my life that EA mess with sliders during the matches. there no way that your team play like they are stuck…
Which players do you have in your Ultimate Team
I’m tapping out at -5 I actually can’t stand this game, don’t care enough to play to elite, gold=good red picks anyway
-7 fut champs not too shabby
INSANE CHEAP K TEAM TOE TO TOE MILLION COIN TEAM …
Time for bed I think. But he had % possession so it's fine he deserved that goal!!! …
Rewards just creepin up on you
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
Had a sesh on trying to get some of the objectives for fut swap and it started badly, then I ended up playi…
or ? (Cavani has goal contributions in games tho)
Anyone on fancy a game of Add
:00PM EDT GLOBAL | v1 | | Private Match | nD JOIN NOW &gt; J…
Very Tempted.....
Sick of getting this message in squad battles!!!!! Always near the end of the match!!!!
I finally manage to score a free kick on and my opponent quits before I can enjoy the replays.
Ohhhh that’s it for me folks... Lost past matches by goal apiece. My opponent goalkeeper in those matches: …
Who’s on damnit?
Worldy
A new upload on my youtube channel showing you guys what I do to make coins using Bronze Pack Method! …
Assist Part16
Again needed a win for div promotion but faced a German guy and failed to get promoted It's a matter of time to…
hnmemories_forever
This is all these "Pro" nonce cunts tweet about fucking skill gap's, Just face it hew, ye shite at the game.
● New HD Turfs + New D Grass Textures + Assignments for ALL st…
The gameplay in is horrible, everyone plays drop back depth and its just so infuriating. Passing is terri…
Going live for some Weekend League !!!
The big
Didn't think it was possible but have somehow made worse for glitches than Unbelievable achievement!
Havertz est trop fort
What the absolute fuck is up with the gameplay in ? Every fucking tackle/interference ends back to the oppo…
Okay so I may have broke controllers this weekend. Fuck
Sunday Morning and you still have Fut Champions Games
Class of &amp;;98 made the world aware about Croatia: Stimac 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Trying to play with horrible delay
Anyone used Hernandez yet? Is he any good?
Hoping for something good out of these packs
Filthy assist by Maddison
Proud of that one
when ur team loves the goalsss... -0 ... enjoy it ...
The best Channel on YouTube You want to enjoy some game content and amazing FIFA and Pes pa…
Volta. Is fucking awful.
Whats everyone's weekend league record?
Some of the best football bargains in my opinion; Robin Van Persie £3m Andrew Robertson £8m Vincent Kompany £6m De…
Who has been your best player you’ve packed this year? - -
Know I should of waited but never had an icon before, feels OP when running with him rivaldo next
Also check out my new channel art
These icon objectives on rivals
What a game
First time I've had a laugh in ages on FIFA. Which is shocking considering how much I play. Pro clubs!!! …
First Icon Flip of Bought k Sold k Profit k Only a small profit but good to get the first icon…
Norway vs. Spain (EURO Qualifier) 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Hack and Coin Generator-Welcome To ZenTalk Community 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I’ve never hated a Fifa until , yes its been getting worse for years with stupid ideas but you’ve really out…
Doing a few more games. Wish me luck LUL
when ur team loves the goalsss... -0 ... enjoy it ...
What's Everyone's Ultimate Teams looking like here's mine Thoughts ?
I am sick of the lag on tonight. It's not my Internet I've checked my speeds. I've lost ga…
when ur team loves the goalss.. -0 ...
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
The Ai was playing for me the whole game..tell me EA how broken is this game
What a pack! over k profit out of it, do the Born Leyends SBC as son as posible!
Check out my first time score a PK on Fifa !! from noisysheephd_ on
I'm thinking this is the team I'll use for next weekend league, any suggestions?
Which icon should I get for fifa ? I will play them at cam in -2-3-1. …
So far ive got icon swaps tokens. Im going for nesta
The reason I love football is that no matter what team, tournament, match etc it can take your mind off of your own…
Some of today’s sales 🤑
I still haven’t played yet 🥺
FIFA - Ultimate Team: FUT Champions (Wessam JUVE) via
Just lost to this amazing player &amp; very deserved too NOT. Biggest piece of shit going. The team the lad has and dro…
Things you love to see.....
Team Estro! I am live on starting off with some RP and Car meet! Followed by some …
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing xRyanWilliams Welcome To New Home…
Sane is so Trash af, Martial is so much better!
How this fuck does that even happen . Yet again fifa shit costing me games
SBC AND PACKS via
is the most scripted game there is absolutely full of aids. Dreadful casual players have no ch…
psn: mackovalltrades
Unbelievable price. I've picked up /20 under . Low risk Flip / store Max buy Don't forget to follow for…
Am I bad for redirecting my at Blizzard? Here's Blizzards halfass chine…
I guess FIFA is dead now?
Wtf is this Volta shite? Game’s gone I tell ya.
$10 to charity for every win! -4 thus far. Started -2 yesterday and then hit a groove yesterday before choking th…
WHY IS FIFA MEHHHHH
-3 ! I'd rather stop for this week, I hate this game. I could write a book that lists all the bugs.
These first owner challenges have me tearing my FUCKING hair out
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Scottish-Simo Welcome To New Home…
aubameyang in is absolutely fucking wank! Change my mind
Only played in mud today, went from -2 to - this game is a joke
Fuck
When you come up against a team in Weekend League and they are not playing depth and the match is actually fun to…
Check out Fifaaaaa, New Streamer ! , Come talk about anything help me to followers !…
Pro club sha sweet die BIG UPS EA
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
The gap between pay to win teams and teams not subsidized by FIFA points is much more difficult to overcome this year
Column: and Galaxy deal with long break before MLS playoffs 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Exclusive: is the W-League Draw? FFA Elain 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Ultimate Team and My Eerience Buying FIFA Points 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Is there anything more depressing than cheaply giving the ball away in injury time and your defence parting like th…
Who cares about the finish, but look at that defender lmao
Top Gaming Mouse in ️ 🥇 Watch Now …
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Welcome To New Home…
online on . $ matches only. RUN IT.
My favourite card on FUT atm, carried me last weekend and is doing the same again. wins games to go... when do…
Wow fifa19 was mich better than It was so good during the first week and then the patch , wl has made it a…
Live! Idk what im doing tbh but im live anyways
Anyone else's crash after every game. So God damn annoying?
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing Specialedd73 Welcome To New Home…
Free Guide Giveaway Anyone Who Likes And Retweets This Will Receive Free Entry Into My Gu…
FIFA I How To Quickly Unlock Icon Swaps Tokens! I How To Complete Ico... via …
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing DXB343 Welcome To New Home …
Going into Sunday -8 (I think) Nowhere near as good as last week but for my level over the years, ik doing just…
Jesus this mobile app pack luck
Smashing FIFA, even the photographers have decided to ride the cameras in celebration.... …
Leroy bludclart sane
Sad to sell my Icons but I feel this actually helps make my team have balance
Wow Career Mode still isn't fixed, man city currently bottom with games in, Tammy Abraham is listed for loan and…
Elmas with a great performance good chance at TOTW buy now whilest cheap sell Wednesday in the hype well worth inve…
Ops on this team it has chem just cba to change loyalty n shit
The cashier at Vons, to me, buying both a case of White Claws and a bottle of Pink Whitney: “so you having a party?…
Looking to sell this account. DM offers
This isn’t how I’ll be the best in WLWLW ... imagine winning and losing , atleast I’m better than Olé
We ARE LIVE! • quick game of rivals and then we continue the Weekend League Grind! Currently -4.…
Check this guy out!! Playing -5-2 on FUT20
🇩🇪𝙁𝙂𝙇 𝘽𝙖𝙮𝙚𝙧𝙣 𝙈ü𝙣𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙣🇩🇪 ️ We are Delighted to Announce The Signing YT__DAMO Welcome To New Home …
K PULL! HYBRID LEAGUES! SBC NO MONEY SPENT! RTG ULTIMATE TEAM via
Hey everyone, I'm now live on Mixer. Come on Lets Get it on!!! …
TIME TO GET THESE DUBS! FUT CHAMPS...WE LIVE!!
gameplay in champs is about as useful as soggy bread I swear down.
L I V E -0 Let's goooo ------&gt;
When you opponent is playing depth drop back on Fifa
How to kill a winstreak
So I’ve figured something out. In the exact opposite of actual football in Fifa the closer you get to the keeper th…
Went -0 down... had a man sent off.... ended up winning -4 🤣
The trophy cabinet is FULL.
-2 currently silly losses again lost by goal in both games and a minute header from a corner!
sorry its a late one! had to have some food in my belly! Basically Hangry haha Going live now peeps! Hope to see y…
Grosjean a Tyrrell; other drivers hold a FIFA tournament! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
U-20 Tourney: In Few Months, We Will Be Super Ready To Host – Sanwo-Olu 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
has got to be one of the worst FIFA’s in years 🤦‍️
Playing weekend league Friday + Saturday vs Playing all your games on a Sunday See you for a late night Sunday…
Look what a trash game SB is, watch the bicycle kick and volley in defends... its on legendary for the …
Just made a guy with this mega team vs my silver team + VDS in fut champs
Follow my FIFA Ultimate Team page!
My first walkout in and it was a shitter 🤣🤣
Is it just me or does the new just not have as many bangers as the last one. There were good beats in the l…
Boys, absoloute pleasure with the stream this evening! Currently sat -0 and -1 across thw two accounts Half m…
Born Legends SBC and Short Weekend League Preview &lt;3
Bruh fifa is so ass I have to put up with this bullshit smh. Ea needs to add handballs, this ain’t volleyball tf…
Things you love to see - as a banner at the emirates stadium on Fifa
-2 in qualifier and -4 in Weekend League... Not my best day, tomorrow i have to play so much better, if i want…
Got gold nice and early for my standards this week, loving my new squad! Changing to (4) in game is just …
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Ending the day in -4 long long day ahead tomorrow games to play i feel sorry for the neighbour's
One last pack before bed.......shite!
Fifa Icon Swaps elained: how FUT feature works, and how you can get the most from it
Packing nothing in your SBC packs after hearing your mate has already packed Hazard …
Free meditation workshop! Learn why you do what you do: Nithya Dhyan Yoga - Session on Genesis of Identity…
Zaha is main biscuit on this UT!
Buying ps4 fifa coins right now!!!!! DM ME
HUGE MARKET DROP! WHAT TO DO?
HELL CHAMPS :/
Shooting on this game is absolute garbage. Drew -2 he scored both from me blocking and I missed open goals after k…
Throwback to final squad Fifa
No stream tonight, literally about to fall asleep so Sunday after work will be fun to grind FUTChamps starting -0…
This is it I am officially top tp fifa trader
FIFA Coins and Points Now Restocked!! £12 per k £20 preloaded full access points account. Any console. DM us!!!
What is this, EA? Really, isn't it enough that I have to fight delay, bad gameplay, rebound goals, passes not going…
the difference between winning and losing...
Who else then and Donyell Malen from with beautifull goals
FIFA Download PC
This game ain’t broke your broken lol why am I stuck like this in a fut champs match
k left, any upgrades I can do?
gameplay update : delay still bad. Hit the post times. Shoot and you score from range yet on1s GK wins…
We are LIVEEE.... Icon swaps Objectives grinding and some squad battles... Get in here Lads
nice
The connection in these qualifiers is such a joke man. Really kills any motivation to play this game.
So Neymar paid for this. Done a lot of investing too don't you worry!
DELAY DELAY DELAY
FIFA GAME OF THE WEEK! Come and check it out if you're a lover of football!
The best song on ‍️
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
FIFA Download PC
When EA release half decent content on
Here's my first fifa livestream. Be sure to check it out and subscribe to my channel …
WHAT IS THAT
Decided to upgrade one of my ST because I was really struggling with Pukki * weak foot In important situations and…
FIFA Coins and Points Now Restocked!! £12 per k £20 preloaded full access points account. Any console. DM us!
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
Trailer Verithanam
Really , No VAR on ?
Silver Pleb LOL. Come Chill With Me!!!
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
. just like last year. DO NOT B…
Me: Passes to teammate Fifa assisted scripting: You mean pass behind teammate to opponent right?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Even if you strengthen squad from last week. the result will go down. bad play skill. I'm skill F**kin lover
Who is the better goalkeeper on
If people want to play on depth and sit back that’s their choice and it happens in football , but for the love of…
Chelsea on are fucking garbage
FIFA Download PC
st Pack
Live now at Its sunday! its our st fifa grind on a sunday since the london trip! So lets…
Fifa20 night (FIFA ) live at
This game just isn't fun to play
Finishing -7 for the day hopefully the final push for gold tomorrow connection has been smooth af all day for m…
New SBC gave out nothing.
Whats the best formation in fifa this year? Comment.
Any good triangles for k for cm, cb and rb?
complaint of the day: Fix passing. Not every single pass needs to be a fancy flick or go in a strange dire…
Division Rivals are amazing...
Which players do you have in your Ultimate Team?
AI: Does wrestling move Ref: Bravo, excellent execution! Me: Breathes Ref: Yellow card
Jumping on some FIFA ! Playing some matches with my big bro! …
It really amazes how fifa is a competitive game how can you play fut champs with speed up lag, input delay, brok…
I am soooo pissed. players pushing Traore and of course no foul. Opponents little midget falls after crashing wit…
deleted fuck me that games absolute trash, haven’t ever played a game so bad in my life
Dear &amp; the team I can’t, I just can’t play weekend league anymore. Your gam…
Electronic (EA) Shareholder American International Group Has Decreased Its Stake by ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
BREAKING: Boahene is leaving Kotoko 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Get a Jump Start On Your Christmas Shopping This Weekend For Epic Console Titles At Great Prices 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Who Were Found Out After Making a Move to the Premier League&amp; Elite Clubs 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
: ready to host women Under-20 World Cup – Sanwo-Olu 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Ndidi: have closed the gap on the world&amp; best nations 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
So if there’s any proof aids you, in this is how I’ve gone. Won in a row Lost in a row…
Who’s the best on fut ?
WHAT A WIN FOR THE LIGUE1 BOYS!! AGAINST A SUPER TEAM, EZZZZ
What’s better on Fifa
This vote decides who I get
I made it, scrapped the bottom of the barrel but we signed Hazard and Bale on the same day. WL isn’t ready for the…
Just wish the FIFA Community would come together and boycott the game until changes get made rather than constantly…
We live bros for some FUT champions! -
I really love as a football game, I think got a lot right in terms of gameplay with a handful…
sort this shit out
Absolute joke of a “competitive” game mode.
New SBC! I love those cheap SBCs as I only use untradeable cards. Have you guys packed anything good out of…
These are the type of trades I’ve been doing tonight🤑🤘
Did you know that you can score from a corner on FUT!
Going LIVE at :30pm for day of FUT Champs! • currently -4 so hopefully we can clutch up a few victories and…
Icon Swaps Tip: Incase you didn't know you can start with say MLS players then sub of your best players on an…
wtaf is this gameplay
Poor Kyle, he seems very upset. like = respect.
Cause of how broken is I've resorted to . Nothing beats a retro game. Back when effort was p…
Overall good watch. Unfortunate marseille didnt get talked about. Excited to start the season especially after the…
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
Fifa guys best formation this year ??
FIFA Download PC
How can you send me off for a second yellow mins after an admittedly nasty challenge. Wish I scored in the mean time.
Head to my bio to catch the new episode for for my FIFA20 Ajax Career mode if you haven’t already!!!
FIFA Download PC
Every career mode I've played this year I've said I'm not signing this man. Still do. I guess old Havertz Kai hard.…
WE ARE LIVE!! Grinding and Pack's To Open!! …
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY FOR ONLY K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
-1 in the first ten games boys!!!! Feeling a bit more confident on the game this week as opposed to last *IN before collapse
Same bullshit forever 🤣🤣
Get fucking head movement out the game you bunch of fucking cunts it's a joke, talentless awful mecha…
Find someone who looks at you like Benzema looks at Hazard.
Player not shooting the ball fifa 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Playing it short to Dembele on the edge of the box and smacking one in is definitely the way to go for me from corn…
market and champsssss
Literally impossible for their to be a skill gap in fifa when auto blocking and drop back are in the game
We are now live again on Twitch with a brand new follow sound and picture! Streaming Fifa…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Objectives (Ligue ) Reward via
Dembele is truly the GOAT on this game...
NO WAY
When you wreck someone in Please ban this guy.
Slides on ball, ref thinks I give him red, typicle fifa20 things ffs
EA: We fixed tackling! Me: Elain why Varane be doing the moonwalk pls
Uploading my fifa livestream will tweet when it’s done!
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
That curve
How is this guy going for k on ultimate team? His a beast lool
My last opponent on had shots, on target and ripped me apart. I won -0 with a sweaty goal in t…
You check this out guys! this could guide you for your FUT CHAMPS LEAGUE
That's how to counter attack ..
Throwin some FIFA content your way! Let me know what you guys think🤙️ . . . …
Deffo fuming about no journey on fifa
easy signings for any fan on &amp; in-forms! what do you thi…
supporters chat has been created, comment below if you want to be added!
We are live on with our Weekend League games! Currently -1. Wish me luck!
Cheap Born Legends SBC Solution! Cost: k Rewards: Small Prime Gold Players Pack, Electrum Players Pack, Premium…
Im currently -1 in Fut Champs. Zero motivation to play. Its only week . What is going on with our game, boys? 🤧
MM and Born Legends SBC done!! Time for the packs boys!
Mbappe &amp; Messi are the GOAT's of . Just finished my games. Got gold on my final game (20-10). That last ga…
MAGIC.
Time for another code to be given away! You can win an code which gives you % off points! here…
Any chance we can see how many games we’ve played and have left in ?!?
🇧🇷 Stand da playstation_br jogando Brasil Game Show Er Center Norte
International break got me like
Follow for sniping filters and investment tips! Filter: On ps4 I snipe Adnan for k and sell for k As you…
I've never wanted to heedbutt a fridge more than when am playing fifa man, and that's considering I watched the Lee…
Currently -7 How are you guys doing?
-1 down, keeper already lobbed previously...he thought he had nothing left to lose
When you see your opponent does multiple skill moves in FUT Champs and your ball roll doesn't register in game.…
ops? got k, what can i fix? who should i get? defence needs most work
Define
Fifa servers are so shite ffs
Let’s all welcome ManUtd’s new manager, Mr. Goosa Gog. A lot of work to do to rebuild the team . …
Should I just start a career mode, or wait until sort their shit out
am i the only one really not enjoying the gameplay? seems delayed af, choppy and just shit tbhback to anything but…
NGL I'm having fun with A. I defending can be a little bit inconsistent and CPU counter attacks can be OP,…
According to the last patch notes rebounds have been fixed but in reality nothing happened. I am still losing to re…
So here we go again with another Road to glory LIVESTREAM guys let’s hope for some better luck then we had the o…
honestly fifa is the worst game i’ve ever played. talk about a money grab releasing a game they know is beyond u…
first WL Sream
If Simon cowell was in he would look exactly the same
ill be live with champs and market in -30!
FIFA Download PC
k in an hour🤑🤑🤑
any improvements
just completed this challenge but i did not get the player...
The current state of is just mental. AI interceptions and blocks,drop back with low depth together with th…
You know you love a player when they make you go crazy when they score.
Best player from the last decade? -2019 …
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
Selling Xbox $ Redeemable Gift Cards! $/20€ SAVE $!! CODES LEFT!!! …
Unfortunately I had no console access this week, but happy anyway.
How many games of Volta have you played? For me it’s . Demo was enough for me
sick name 🤙
is.... Still Unplayable GARBAGE
This man is right about all. This game is unplayable. And unacceptable in this state. I feel robbed. And I hope str…
-3 so far in FUT Champs. Took back to back L’s yesterday which was tough. Hoping for that Elite finish though🤞…
FIFA Download PC
the holy trinity
just ruled me offside while running with the ball on my own half ..
This match ended with a -0 win.. Too much random stuff deciding matches. And the gameplay isn't good enough
The first bunch of players to invest for ultimate scream on the th is Valencia player all you want to do is go pi…
at its finest.
I am live at Live icon flipping &amp; trading! Come join for tips! Road to affiliate status also!
LIVE : Instagram : …
Episode out now
Yes i play fifa dont judge me
Does anyone know how to check how many games you have left on fut champs?
Every player on my timeline. Posting stats screens, smashed controllers (also…
Passing on is dog shit.
Remember to list for lazies when you're at work/school Went pretty good for me 🤷‍️
Prices are so low right now, I'm going all in. Investing mill tonight, hopefully prices on Thursday duplicate t…
we back for the nd stream of today evening stream with some more
Fut Champions Cup Qualifier: Vs -1 Vs -4 Vs -1 Vs…
Best thing about is the playlist so far
Its crazy how bad the servers on are and yet we get no comments from the community managers, the game has s…
Haven’t been trading too much as trying to get some objectives done to get Pirlo Who you all taking from icon swaps?
Also the delay is causing me so many issues. I keep seeing shots/passes and pressing buttons but it takes forever t…
¡WELCOME! 🇧🇪️⭐️️
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
🇷🇴 i am Tudz (2-1)(0-1)(1-0) WhootUnited (1-3)(1-2) KSV Samstag11 (1-0)(0-4) ItsMeAuzio (DNF) FSkold…
I mean it is only -0 WHY THE RAGE QUIT THOUGH?
To have Aguero, Werner, Lewa, Goretzka, Pogba and possibly Hernandez starting is gonna be tricky
Searching the market for a chemistry style during weekend league.
When you select badge over Barca...
Finnaly sold my pack pulled Lozano, he is not getting an IF and he went up k
I feel very bad for the people wasting their time to play FUT and try to qualify today on this beautiful sunny Satu…
Alright enough tweeting about Wrestling and football otherwise i will be unfollowed lol, time to play the remaining…
I was just a win away from division
FFS this game. Need a win to get -2 up in th clean through on1 hit the post. up other end, I win i…
Won another Drafts today, got this same reward in my last Draft wins... WHYYYY!!???
WTF is this gameplay. What was my goalkeeper doing!!
is releasing ultimate scream event on th i have teams worth everyone's time to invest in and will make…
PS4 Cheap Sniping Filter for : Buy Joe Gomez for &lt;1.3K and sell for K Sometimes you'll get a bargain li…
FIFA El tractor sbc | Born Legends | Completed | by gaming mafia | Cheap..... via…
Making just k in just a week! Thanks bro follow me on Twitter and on patreon!…
Cheeky goal tonight
My kick off golden goal
I'd rather have Messi on my team and drive a regular Honda than have a Lamborghini and Bobby Firminho.
Had a great day full of laughs and wins playing with my man, We’ve started a pro clubs teams a…
LIVE NOW! with some Pro Clubs on with the lads, Come revel in how shite we are!
FIFA zizou sbc | Born Legends | Completed | by gaming mafia | Cheape... via …
For the rest of weekend league. I’m just going to have fun and try new things. Get creative. If I lose, I lose. If…
me pressing x for a simple pass by my goalkeeper in my gk:
DocNicklePickle is going live! YouTube: Twitch: FB page:…
How am I having quick and mostly responsive gameplay at my old place with a /5Mb WIFi connection on a inch y…
I needed one win from two games to finish Elite and I bottled it. I need a glass of
Check out our latest SmallStreamersConnect hosting clip! TiBoBenLaz playing …
Tbh Yeah
Its real fun to play FU
Anyone else who plays have either their left or right forward start at your corner flag from your kick off?…
We're hosting TiBoBenLaz playing with viewers on Twitch! Be sure to show them some support! …
I can’t remember ever seeing any icon this low in price since icon sbcs were introduced. The objectives are not o…
really didn’t want me to win this game , glad I got the winner on fulltime
Hey guys I streaming right now on come join my stream and have some fun. I playing …
FIFA coins guide: how to (legally) buy and sell your assets to maximise profits Want to increase your FIFA …
The homie pulled through
Fifa L'architetto sbc | Born Legends | Completed | by gaming mafia via …
FIFA Career Mode Episode | Blow Out vs Brighton &amp; Hove Albion! via …
Live now on …
Exequiel Palacios -&gt;88 Age: CM/RM/CAM * SM/4* WF Value: €16.5M Wage: €19K Real Face: No …
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Progress (Season Level ) Reward via
It’s amazing what you find in the staff section on
ICON SWAP GIGGS REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
Base Pack 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Would really like the Pros to stop moaning about drop back tactics, slow play, no constant pressure and how…
Can&amp;;t substitution screen [FIFA ] 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Is really that bad?? I just want to play volta 🤷‍️
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Objectives (Icon Swaps Progress) Reward via
How do people enjoy playing like this? PS4share
Streaming in pals !!! ️‍️️ OPENING PACKS GALORE Come say hi …
FIFA the bison sbc | Born Legends | Completed | by gaming mafia via …
This team is soo good. Dybala and Gomez on the wings, Benzema at CAM and Insigne at ST. The back line feels strong…
Already got tokens for a day well spent I think 🤯
Got knocked out of qualifiers, ended on -3. Got given a loss for not being able to connect with my opponent
I would've been fuming
Tokura tekkers for ya- I'll claim I meant to score this one lol
Went shopping
TOP done
Weekend league not going to plan hows everyone else doing ?
with the boys
is an absolute fucking shambles
Any tips for trading necessary? Just DM and I try to help you
-4. To think I went -11 last weekend, feels really awesome. Last push tomorrow …
Decided to give a shit, I thought how much worse can it get after . Boy I was wrong!…
Great Coaching Day with hundreds of players on Cologne! …
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
Might not be an accomplishment to many but I've just got Gold in FUT Champs for the first time ever! A small ach…
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
th round -3 vs. GG, well played!
…
attention everyone i am going live to play come and say hello in the stream
Played FIFA today, so awkward that they actually did renamed Juventus as Piemonte Calcio..I have to get use to this name....
Want to make more coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Just as last year verified after week Now weeks to prepare for the quallifier of futchampions cup …
Packed Sissoko &amp; Casemiro This SBC is a must!
LIVE NOW ️ FUT CHAMPS &amp; SBCs SATURDAYS ️
Can someone elain what an SBC account is??
Got lucky in an sbc pack and managed to get kante and Mendy, now I have k for a team and no idea what to do lol
Trialling With VFL Aston Villa
Currently -3 in Never have I done this good before. Hopefully I get at least Gold but am trying…
Pre game &gt; in game. Anyone make a better mil coin team?
LIVE session! We will see where the night takes us after! …
Typisches Fifa game
Has anyone scored from a corner in ???
Some of the lazy buying I see is bonkers 🤯
I am LIVE right now playing some FIFA Pro Clubs With Hywel and Andy, come by the stream and say hi!!!
Today's achievement - I got Neymar in Ultimate Team and sold him for ,000.
Hey fans, If you are having issues with delay, try using higher rated players that will compensate for the…
Someone should give me k for banter so I can buy Van Dijk
Season on
Sometimes after a day of champs ....you just need a bubble bath
Thanks for that...
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! (FIFA ) live at
ICYMI: I uploaded the fourth episode of my FIFA Road to Glory! It is a trading-heavy P…
[PREMIERE] VITAL SIGNINGS JOIN THE ROMAN EMPIRE! | FIFA AS Roma Career Mode Premiere LIVE NOW…
... but it's good edition:
Great start to WL
time for fifa rage …
Right games left only wins so far, my new tweet will be wins and losses.
Who scores first wins.
The officials on this game are BY FAR the worst of any fifa so far. No 🧢.
LIVE!!!
WE ARE LIVE Fut Champs Games | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Rivals | Packs…
Season-Pass K Pack 🥰🥰
I am live on Twitch! FIFA trading and potentially hitting Top in Squad Battles Join for trading tips etc!…
Thoughts?
k to upgrade, who do i get? Alaba,hernandez,lewa,allan and anderson are untradeable
Ι may suck this year in but there was a beauty from Asensio
Halfway through another weekend league and let me tell you (again), is the biggest pile of dog shit I've EVER played.
Heads gone.. dominate a lad who takes me to pens and wins.. can’t figure out how his keeper is making so many saves…
born legends sbc pack on the rtg account
The servers are gonna end this FIFA, never mind gameplay issues.
Before fut champs vs after fut champs
Have to say I think is probably the worst Fifa I’ve played in the past years. Used to have more fun on p…
How can people have so many different opinions about ? Is it shite or better than
Italia Grecia match prediction su fifa totally modded Enjoy :
New set of SBCs get me roughly k with Handanovic and Sane which means that our is completed! Ede…
Not bad
"Sancho was wrong to leave England" Who the fuck has ever heard someone say that? No sod had heard of him when he…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Icon Swaps Online Season Objectives (Golden Riva... via
Not a bad margin that
Yo ... U know what´s offside right? Well, then fix the game!!!
Snipe Premier league LB - Low risk Max buy - (Xbox &amp; Ps4) Investment - Flip / save …
Flipping with the minutes Profit: k
Live in mins boys! -FUT CHAMPS FUN -SBCs -Chill
I think i have the worst luck
I always make great coins using this method. When the SBCs landed, I went very slightly above the buy it now for a…
Ducks quack ... Please
It’s actually insulting for to release a game with this much delay and then turn around and say WE are the problem
Building up my first on On one team gol...
FUT CHAMPIONS ON!I'm LIVE with FIFA20 with some FUT Champs match.Currently record: W - L .…
Love those * skillers🤩
I’ve been stuck on this fucking screen for mimures man it’s a fucking joke I just wanna give you my players for t…
Those who want trading techniques for fifa i highly recommend this guy! Drop by and say hi! …
This shit pisses me off so much. Where it says “+1 objectives”, why not just include the one bloody object…
If you need any help trading on then come check out my man Gareth!
Speaking straight facts here, is dogshit.
Loved the SBC Today! Bought All My Pastore For k and Under! …
handicap. . S8 B2JTMV3
Fantastic game EA SPORTS jesus christ this game is bad
Playing with this for the objective is a nightmare (keepers not first owner)
If you want to combine some of the challenges for Icon Swap Players you should take a look at my screen. Nothing sp…
handicap. . HS8 E I7
handicap. . F RS N7WGGR TM
Investment tip: Go to Futbin and most popular players. Look at the ones that have dipped a lot since pm. Pick a…
Just made someone with Ronaldo (not on loan) in FUT champions rage quit, think i've peaked in
Usual business 🇮🇪
NEW VIDEO TIME!!
New first team....swap Willian Jose &amp; Silva at Kick Off and I've got Sterling in the staring lineup
Career Mode Episode !
What icons are everybody going with?
So, so close not even a second from getting him would have made a k profit
I am now LIVE!!! Plan for the stream includes: Chem Style Trading (Easy coins) Icon Trading Discussed Packs Sq…
Selling another k Fifa coins for Xbox one message me for details.
Squad update in mid of Fut Champs competition.
Finally copped Who tryna get cooked?
handicap. . FAOQS O
Going Live on Twitch for VFL Liverpool!
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: BONUS GREGGO! He's just gone li…
Go and check this stream out hes playing FUT Champs and making coins trading! Legend!
handicap. . XFS1NZF37R
New SBC completed, time for the packs!
While you were at home being lazy getting i went to the worst wal mart in america to get my…
handicap. . SLUR2JSZO1P
need to start doing the icon swaps challenges how many of them have you completed so far?
Going Live On Moving On To After! Drop In &amp; Catch Some Games!
Hey fans, Check out the new SBCs to replace your tradable players for a % chance to get better tradeable players!
handicap. . XHWY3QJSL
I know I've had a few issues with the companion app being overly sensitive, but I've just seen someon…
I think if i saw a Fifa or EA employee on the street and they knew I spent money on to play Career Mode the…
LIVE now. ICON Swaps are they worth it?
The thing is ,FIFA just isn't realistic enough this year ... wait ... what?
handicap. . P U313FCRR
handicap. . B42 SO B T
I must say this has got to be the worst conditions Iv ever tried to play in. Lag spikes and the button delay is atr…
BORN LEGENDS SBC REWARDS via
Well, it's official, I've gone too far I already owned on &amp; with on PC &amp;…
Wtffff... THE BEST non board pack... ever? I just made k ONLY of pack from that Born legends sbc …
born legends ABC- boom
We are LIVE!!!! - RTG FUT Champs - Icon Swaps Grind Chat - FUT Champs Stress Release Come and get involved!…
Please, suggest me a game to play. No CoD or PUBG. Fifa is dead.
handicap. . U Y ML
Loooook at all theeeee PROFITTTT
Why so serious? ️ Retweet if your with The Joker on this...
Would you like to be part of a brand new community that revolves around games such as CSGO, FIFA20 &amp; LoL? Check out…
I just hit followers today you guys are actually crazy I know it takes me a while to respond to your message…
spots left in the tournament ! Save your spots now
handicap. . Q3O8HLD F
TEQBALL! …
Cheeky sbc reward
If don't reply to this tweet within minutes Chris or Matt have to give me FIFA Points …
Do the Volta Games only last mins a half?
The new most overpowered way to grow players in Career Mode... Dynamic Potential ‍️ Look at this tran…
This fifa really isn't up to scratch. So much wrong with it. Player switch, gameplay, button delay, tackling and so…
It's not even been out a month already done with
Lads..............I just lost to the cpu on squad battles and I was trying my hardest fml
WE ARE LIVE! FUT CHAMPS + ICON SWAPS + SBCS!
Well played to Danihu05 who will be playing me for a £20 PSN gift code tomorrow, let's hope I can make it out of…
All bought at max around hours ago before bed 🤑
Like this if u want some weekend league gameplay on top of market this weekend
Elain this please?
Anyone on pro clubs PS4 looking for players to play with?
Over the summer, community managers and devs were all too happy to engage with people. Now that the game is out and…
DOUBLE UPLOAD ALERT! Episode of my FIFA Road to Glory series is now LIVE! Go and sho…
His story is over now Donald, but he does show up in
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
Chiefs strong team for Shell Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
LAFC Brian Rodriguez scores classy goal for Uruguay against Peru 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Changes have been made on deadline day. These are the warriors we are going with today during qualifiers.
First Swap Deals players! more on the horizon! Who are you guys aiming for?
So my player Joao felix, who is rated only scored goals…
NEW CAREER MODE TALENT! Ryan Gravenberch -&gt;85 Age: CM/CDM * SM/3* WF Value: €1.5M Wage: €…
can’t wait for the day of fifa remastered, they’ve remastered now bring out a good game
Nah I'm fucking done with this game... LUL
Tranmere Rovers winning the UEFA Europa League.
th round -3 vs. SamyByFendi GG, well played!
Together we grind
The new "Born Legends" SBC is k on ps4 and k on Xbox If you complete it, you get roughly k worth of packs…
Liefde hangt in de lucht bij de community! Awesome stream gehad en en thank you…
Anyone else seeing this for the past hour?
Just warming up . |
new video ladz …
i pace - fair. i shooting - skal opjusteres.
The most realistic FIFA yet!!! MY F**K!!! Sort it out!!!
Just triedout the v3 on and it’s fun!
Think im gonna try get nesta and carlos
Invesment guide arriving tonight or early tomorrow
Bonus Stream starting at the earlier time of 0pm!!! Playing more games,…
really is an awful game, how the fuck do you defend?!!!
Right come on who's been swapping discs in not what I was eecting after opening this game. Anyone that…
Not sure how matchmaking works on but I either win -0 or lose -0 with nothing in-between. This ca…
Winning -0 the player pauses the game and now I'm stuck on this screen! What do I do? …
Think i might of been a bit quick judge this promo. The points that i forgot was that this promo last for months an…
What's a "clannege" ? 🤣
Another week another Gold in champs W L Looks like It'll be a nice TOTW
First investment of the year x Dunk bought k~ current price k Strong start
Nothing like watching your striker jump OUT OF THE WAY of a through ball , nothing surprises me now , this game is…
-1! need to go -2!
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm us no…
This Colombia vs Chile game need more chances!
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm us n…
Chelsea and Inter Players puhhhhh
Here for all the average fut players that can’t spend thousands on Fifa points and have god squads
EA really helping the community get first owned players gg
Going live with some playing Ultimate team. I'm too bad to qualify for weekend league so it will be opening…
Alright guys here's my take on FIFA …
Just went on a game win streak in fut champs after the terrible -11 record from yesterday. I will never play ano…
Great content from
WTF happened to my Companiom app??? Thought we all got a new menu bar update! now its gone🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
If I see one more video of drivers bowling or playing I think I’m done.
According to the commentators, I’m getting a trophy for winning the group in the champions league!
Just packed Kyle Walker, Felipe Anderson and Lucas Hernandez from those new sbc’s lets go
Just goes to prove that give ZERO fucks to any game mode that makes them no money. Almost weeks sin…
So i managed to answer all my questions standing up in , be wildin
In some minutes, will be a good time to go all in if you have coins.
When someone don’t skip the replay on Fifa
CAMPEONES CAMPEONES!!
Waiting on dinner and Watching the Super league Final.. We will be LIVE around pm.. Hope to see you all there…
Tranmere Rovers winning the FA Cup.
Hands down the best ever
Alright time to Vote for your September POTM ⬇️
My luck on today is just non-existent. Servers producing delay after delay, kicking me out when I'm still c…
Gameplay
And again... Packed nothing out of it... My luck this year is just so poor.
people have waited more than hours for a few games of fifa.....imagine if people had plans
Am I reading Girls Klopp correctly? LOOOOOOOOL
What do you hate about ?!
Inaki Williams is a GG
Please visit our official website for completing your registrations for the upcoming FREE t…
Going live on twitch, fifa ! Weekend league. …
King Inaki + st ICON swap check next tweet for some spice
Sbcs paying out again, packed Ter Stegen, Alisson, and Griezmann in the last few days
Oh yeahhh baby! Finally Sonaldo 🇰🇷️ from the Marquee matchups!
You need to hurry for completing your registration for the upcoming Gaming For A Cause - October Tournament…
People really go crazy over a sbc all bought for coins
Rebic is so overpowered, I can’t! 🤣
eS-league Myanmar S2 INFORMATION ! ( teams ) kick off -Oct …
Hello people! Starting a h stream at pm UK! Tune in for support, chat and all that jazz! Got my pizza ready powe…
Born Legends SBC's have just dropped? What's your thoughts?
GOLD
eS-league Brunei s2 INFORMATION ! ( teams ) kick off -Oct -…
I am appalling at defending on
WHICH ICON SHOULD YOU GET?! BEST VALUE ICON SWAPS IN ! via
Fifa - Million giveaway all you need to do is hit like subscribe to the YouTube Channel - EricCantonaMUFC7 …
Don’t forget to cash out on your inter Milan players boysss
eS-league Indonesia S3 INFORMATION ! ( teams ) kick off --…
The CAM/CM PRO CLUBS BUILD and TRAITS you NEED to use on FIFA
Episode is out now and premiering as of right now! Check out the …
Love a good clannege me
Watch ICON Swaps DETAILED Discussion and Analysis - Is it Worth It?? - - Let me know your tho…
Good set mind you. Good SBC’s. I’ll do them after I’ve grinded rivals this week I think.
Be careful what your throwing into these icon based SBC’s. EA yesterday asked you to use st owner stuff. Now,…
Lets goo!!! Check out the stream if you ain't got nothing to do! LEAGUE
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
come watch the stream ya'll i'm live on youtube playing some WL!
Reckon I will enjoy this clannege! Well in EA
Very decent pack rewards in here for what look like pretty basic SBC requirements
Yooooo!!!! This new sbcs are looking good and cheap. Lemme Know what you got ⬇️
time to complete this clannege!!
*NEW* : Born Legends announced
Congratulations to Rob Feeney for winning our mini games competition Congr…
Born Legends SBC on FUTBIN ️
Twitter Career Mode Best Moments :
Went to an escape room and failed... Very disappointed in myself! Anyway now live on twitch with some weekend leagu…
Check out my latest video "FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM TRADING METHOD | OVERPOWERED SNIPING FILTERS !!!" Watch Now:…
games left I needed one win to be gold and beat last weeks result and I completely choked! Absolutely gutted at…
Some more sbcs to sink out teeth into someone say "non stop content"
New Video is out, Check it out!
don’t know what’s worse anymore or absolute pish the pair of them
Weekend league set up
SO it's been (ALMOST) a day since ICON Swaps dropped. How many tokens have you got already?
Now this is more like it! What does your team look like? ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦…
The winning goal that secured Gold lol, shoutout to Lloris
Mbappe making defenders tackle their own team mates
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- FC…
Accepting EVERY transfer offer on FIFA
Born Legends Puzzle SBC
really?
Can confirm BPM still works on thanks dad,
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) - v1 (EU) - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* - Free…
Go and check out my latest video that will give you really good players to use when snip…
Electronic (EA) Market Value Declined While Coatue Management Has Trimmed by $8.03 ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
-8 thru in WL, should be at least -5 or -4 but you all know how that works....how’s everyone else making out?
After playing Weekend League in , I re-installed and played division rivals.. Made my frustration go…
I cannot believe what a scam Squad Battles are in : AI players ice skate to avoid tackles, first touches bo…
First games in Prem with Leeds on FIFA - wins, goals scored, conceded. Played Watford, Man U, Arsena…
This has happened about times now and I’ve been trying all day... any suggestions 🤷‍️🤷‍️ …
Update Thinks to do today: • bring son at circus • read from • follow…
This guy
If by some miracle I can unlock that Drogba, this is where he'll be, forever
Only for Aussie People : register now for your chance of win a play station + fifa Link here :…
PRO CLUBS FUN! {PS4} DROP A FOLLOW TO JOIN THE TEAM!
Nah they need to change the format ASAP especially on ps4 Eu Please t…
Someone let us know what comes out please Relaxing don’t eect much
Currently -3 in here's hoping i can keep it going!
Someone let us know what comes out Relaxing dont eect much
'FIFA ' video game glitch ees players' personal details - Fox News
WE ARE LIVE! Continuing or FUT Champs run, grinding objectives and more! Get in here!
i just feel like i can't have fun on ultimate team it seems way more sweaty then in any fifa, you have to break you…
When my Pro GK HeadButts a team mate in a rage of Anger!! …
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
Anyone know if for the Premier League, Ligue , Serie A etc icon swaps online objectives, does "starting squad" inc…
Goalkeepers Defenders Midfielders Forwards We've got you covered for Everton in .
Guess the Native American/Indigenous People Day pushed forward payday so finally catching with with FUT twittter
How TF do y'all score freekicks on
One for you legends out there: what's so special about an icon card? Just packed Kaka icon. Worth a fortune…
Stream is live We got Fifa ️️ Viewer Games E-Points flowing Come watch Link:
Respect
Currently -1 in the Weekend League. Starting to get interesting!
Scraping Elite last week to Top this week
Which Icon is everyone going for?? I’m thinking Crespo
selling k coins want offers
FIFA WL LETS GO! I HOPE THE GAME PLAY IS GOOD !giveaway !sub - WL Games - Rage Fifa - P…
Fuck it. Retweet this tweet to win a copy of on xbox. I’ll pick the winner tonight. Happy Saturday.
Register for free FUT MLS squads only tournament this Tuesday
Sniping filter which works throughout the week, but at rewards you can get them much lower. …
Should I build this team?
new Team, next stop Kante/Pogba
Stream is going to be a bit later in the day Been caught up with some work Going live at around PM UK So stay tune…
Yo!!! Catch me on stream for next couple hours at . …
That's funny
Takes them hours to respond but it'll be a month soon and we still have a broken Career mode, it's absolutely disgr…
My first decent pack on FIFA
Selling fifa coins on both consoles, cheapest prices around! DMme for more details
OTW Trading: When to buy, when to sell!
FUT CHAMPS GAMEPLAY IS FUCKING DISGRACEFUL. Give us Aubameyang then make it impossible to run past a player. WELL F…
delay is so bad this weekend that I've just sent Bale a through ball that he'll hopefully receive nex…
Strong start worth every penny for me, who has been your best pull so far? …
Anyone wanna buy like mil coins this game is aids
If you’re too impatient to wait for Dynamic Potential. Just use the Potential Loan Glitch. …
Making about k an hour rn with chem style flipping. Honestly too easy! Going to go over a lot more of this on s…
Got my first ICON swap card with Rivals wins lets GO! Which Icon will you get?
Thought the normal game delay was bad... Wow weekend league is even worse.. fix your god damn game..
Worst delay I ever eerienced
LET’S GO! Hit elite for the first time this year with games to spare! Made some adjustments to bring in Sonaldo a…
Fuck weekend league. Finished on wins. Shambles. Had left to win and lost all fucking . Should have won all…
One of the Best H2H
Scored a penalty and it didn’t count 🤣🤦‍️ luckily I still won.
No one tell them about fitness...
ICON SWAP PIRLO REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
rd round -4 vs. BAlmeida96 GG, well played! Gameplay is soooo bad...
People say I have anger issues when playing FIFA Weekend League...not sure where they got that idea from 🤔…
Straight away v1 w Messi &amp; Suarez don’t contribute to skill y’all 🤣🤣🤣 users all play the same. Cut them off and y’all have no game.
-2 now after losing being -0 up in the th minute! Tough one to take …
Can someone elain to me how these are offside? Game is so broken
Going in for FUT Champs... pray for me.
Good sniping at the moment. He sells for k, a LOTS getting listed under k, thats k profit per snipe!…
For anyone who wanna play rivals or Fifa on don’t servers are laggy as hell today can’t move…
…
Attention everyone who uses Drop back and AI defends with their CDM. Oh Behalf of everyone who plays fifa delete…
If you are a male and play depth and drop back you probably sit down to pee
Got my win target. Happy to take Silver
Friday In.Form
Happy about this. Thanks fellas for advertising about this! Cheers …
I am LIVE on twitch streaming my first weekend league! Also going to be trading along the way and plan on b…
Brand new video out now as I continue my journey
EA FIFA Celebrates Million Players -
IS BACK, BAYBAY! Matchday is ON: (A) v (A) v (B) v…
️PAGE GIVEAWAY⬅️ - WE ARE GIVING AWAY COPIES OF FIFA FOR EITHER PS4 OR XBOX ONE. -TO ENTER FOLLOW THESE G…
No way this game is Esport ready
Live scenes of my team during FUT Champs
Ouaw adrien
Kashima Antlers …
End of an era Schweinsteiger Do you think will release Bastian Schweinsteiger 🇩🇪? RTs an…
LIVE IN MINS! Whilst you wait...
Effortless goal from Sergio Agüero. Such a great player! For more goals like this join me on just search…
Diego Simeone
Day of FUT Champs tonight guys! Whos ready for the rage? Safe to say last night was an eerience! Chec…
Career Mode - Bury RTG - Episode - Youth Academy &gt;&gt;;
Hey guys! gonna be streaming this afternoon on youtube! I'll give you guys the heads up when i'm live, probably in…
Live stream 0pm!! -FUT champs live game play! 0pm Content Drop -Potential Squad Upgrades? Sub…
Subscribe To My Youtube Channel! - FIFA Content
That starting ...
just click shoot and you will score. Use finesse, chips, timed etc and you're lowering your chances of scor…
Third season in the and yeah no Champions league 🤔
LOVE IT when I score with a header from a corner! It doesn'thappen very often but looks great when it does …
And we are live, playing our weekend league games, also giving away FIFA points, dont miss out.
Try my FIFA Stats app …
Only legends know how spicy the gameplay of fifa20 was in the first week, rip.
Morning everyone. I am now on , playing some ! Come say hi to ya boi &lt;3 &lt;3
Just played a guy with an Rated squad and two icons on rivals. I’m in Division . I wish I had hundreds of dolla…
Should I improve this squad or build a starter squad from a different league? Budget about k coins. …
Going live weekend league madness rage all of the above! …
WEEKEND LEAGUE - RTG
Good start to Icon objectives on two completed and on track! Potentially live tomorrow else see you all on M…
Check out the details of how this Bradford City career will work and what we’re doing so you can follow along!…
| reaches million players in two weeks
Love it or hate it, it sells well. My thoughts on the latest FIFA game with my review for …
Aaaarrr!!! Let me breathe, ai have stamina and strength for days, ott aggressive, foul and tug your players
I'm ngl, the passing in is absolutely atrocious. The detection on who you're try to pass to is so bad, I'm…
Got Rio. Maldini is next.
When we say we've put a player's highlight reel "up on the screen":
So Icon objectives...
I've had enough of this garbage the AI will do anything to ensure I lose
Can i have my win plz?
New upload - "FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM TRADING METHOD | MOST OVER POWERED WAY TO MAKE COINS ??" Watch Now:…
How the fuck did I missed that🤬
New upload - "FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM | TOTW UPDATED PREDICTION TRADING/INVESTMENT GUIDE" Watch Now:…
New upload - "FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM | TOTW PREDICTION'S TRADING/INVESTMENT GUIDE" Watch Now:…
New Montage Coming Soon
What a chip from Pukki POTM!
Fuck it. Retweet this tweet to win a copy of on xbox. I’ll pick the winner tonight. Happy Saturday.
Looking for CM for pro clubs , also have room for LB , RB and both CB as well as a GK , message me to join.
So with fucking about with (4), , , , fucking , I thought I would go back to basics and go for…
My new video is live! Go and check it out to find out very decent players to snipe &amp; tra…
GOINGGGGGGGGG LIVE!!!!! NEED A NEW LB BECAUSE TELLES SLOW
Home alone. Only for company. Just lost - to a teenager. Gonna be a long day.
Managed to finish Gold in for the first time this year, finishing with W L, not the…
Wow just claim my lv season progress and it kick me off this has happened s it's unacce…
handicap. . HW2RQ2S
WL ready. Loans ready for the first gold push of
Should I stream the ICC VFL pre season tournament tonight
Has nobody told about the goal kick rule changes?
Our second episode of our Arsenal manager career on !
Player Switching &amp; Passing on is absolutely shocking!
This is by far the worst fifa I’ve ever played you can’t defend at all literally no point in it what so ever
handicap. . MV9A5 BI
Not sure if this is a good or bad idea but imagine if got some of the current icons to have a game on…
handicap. . M05 W0GVZ
wins and two games to play, i said id take gold every week
gameplay, still a lot of Delay and I still feel as though I don't have full control of my players because b…
Come join let's have some fun st stream
handicap. . EP9O A9FPRS
Is there any possibility of "replica production/fakes" for this newly ?
handicap. . W2 IWXMWI F
handicap. . Y715HU1ISQK
handicap. . A H2FBE1
MY MAIN MAN IS ON FIRE! (MK DONS CAREER) | FIFA (XBOX ONE) | | via …
Im amazed how many times i got stolen by tackles that are not tackles rebounds , dumb…
handicap. . DR GGH0 H
Is it safe to start Career Mode on yet?
Get a pair of Recon70’s for just £19.99 when bought with
handicap. . Q DMR9I B
So I’m -0 up in a champs game and my opponent has quit as I messaged him but I’m stuck on this screen wtf am I sup…
A on with the mighty class of club on my channel
Short stream, thoroughly enjoyed it though. I'll be doing more of this in the future including Q and As and advice.…
handicap. . WPZMD MY9 TI
Electronic ' New Release FIFA Becomes an Instant Hit -
Going live about pm for Weekend league I’m going to work on staying calm and not going absolutely mental …
Gold for the first time let’s goooo
handicap. . SXZBC9J NR
Futchampions!
How to score more goals in : It can be tricky to create chances this year, so we de…
DUFFY 🇮🇪 MOTM Clean sheet &amp; ground/aerial duels won /8
Mood:
The 'Ones To Watch' promo may be over, but you can use OTW cards to make coins all year. Our guide --&gt;
functions so bad there’s even button delay on the transfer market
Going live and f**king WL matches!! live at
Does anybody elses fut champs gameplay feel shocking? So slow and feels like players have about pace
Just played a game of WL and the guy had a friend spam me with invites
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!! AM I CRAZY?!?!?! 🥺
(PS4) (Xbox One)
My next halloween ultimate scream investment is dendocker from wolves the reason being is that he has a wolve on hi…
IMPOSSIBLE to play man the servers, connection and button delay is absolutely ridiculous 🤬 f…
Weekend League Squad
The cure to the common cold. Chicken soup, and a locked basement door. I am still so effing pissed off at t…
Don’t know which icon to go for thinking Ferdinand 🤔
Day : I'm tired! At least, say anything
Back from my holiday &amp; now it's time to get back to the grind of Youtube as today at PM, I have got an episode of…
Anyone want a digital copy of FIFA for PS4 or XBOX ONE for cheap? DM me and I can hook you up with a cheap pric…
I always liked Egypt
POINTS! REWEET THIS FOLLOW AND MUST SUBSCRIBE TO…
time to get silver ! WL TIME
Fuck &amp; EA Sports... sell a broken game with no intention of fixing anything except their precious FUT where…
After waiting all week, I finally have the time to play . Might tweet through my reviews, I'll see.
Imagine that in “Call of Duty” you have a -3 seconds button delay like in ... Just imagine...
Just gone from -1 in FUT Champions to -7
🤑🇧🇷 Militao Shadow Snipe! 🇧🇷🤑 Why?: Fast Flip As Heavily Used Console: XBOX League: La Liga 🇪🇸 Position: CB C…
I finally got some pack luck going! First icon of ! Just casually knocking out some marquee matchups on my c…
How is this a pen???????
Fut champions is such a dead mode
I have uploaded a brand new FIFA trading video which shows really good players to sni…
Look if you don’t want me to win the game just tell me! You don’t have to turn my players abilty to u…
Which Fifa was the worst?
September Aubameyang Review And SBC Solutions 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
New temp team for FUT champs.
in a nutshell
Yikes. Just beat this team
Someone should buy me fifa for my ps4
Hey guys! If you haven’t already head to my bio to catch the new episode for for my FIFA20 Ajax Career mode!!!…
Just had the absolute pleasure playing this team in the weekend league. What a phenomenal gaming eierence
If you are in Abuja &amp; you’re having a boring weekend, Come to Sante game world just before Karu market Abuja &amp; batt…
*FIFA * WEEKEND LEAGUE! via WE PLAYING FUT CHAMPS COME THRUU
NEW FIFA POINT COMPETITION!! …
Can someone build me a team for fifa ultimate team I have k and can sell some of the players below …
now THIS is worth grinding for Who u grinding for? Wont get our hands on the top tier o…
Never thought it would be so hard to enjoy playing football video game. got me bored in a week, go…
you may not know him, but trust me, you will....
Servers are terrible. Such a joke to be such a successful company and have no idea how to invest in servers for the…
Whats out for psn name frazzle425 ! Hes a cheater !
This has just cost me gold .......................................................................................…
ICON SWAP NESTA REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
nd round -5 vs. Tarik10_Z GG, well played!
WHO WANTS PONITS!?!? REWEET THIS MUST SUBSCRIBE TO AND FOLLOW ME!…
PRO PLAYER CARD REVIEW ️ Link:
Me.*picks Leicester city* My G's.*yo'the real deal* Opponent.*picks Santos fc*
composure 🤷‍️ Which drunk employee in your company did this 🤔?
-8 in the first . It's going okay... Team is kinda carrying me. Lots to learn. Way too many rebounds happening r…
Trying a few things out, come join and ask any trading questions if you want. …
Change of plans, trying to do these objectives in Division is impossible from the ROW region without having to wa…
Conceding in the th min in FUT champs
wtfff is wrong with your shitty servers ea?????
These icon swaps
"We shall fight them..." Winston Churchill ️
Started strong and plenty more to play! Let's go, come join! …
Some players that you can consider in a fifa RTG career mode ! FIFA RTG Career Mode Best Players Under Mi…
Hidden Gems: Goalkeeper edition
Wow, just got to know that the objective cards (Tolisso, Lucas Vazquez &amp; Zaha) got dynamic images In case you're…
Makes new account, completes Volta k pack SBC. Opens pack. Walkout, Brazil, LW, PSG! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO!!!…
Check out my division rival rewards opened by the own and only who got me some profit GGs!…
I'm live now guys on ! Some new additions to the team and Rivals/WL grind! Drop by to say he…
Not bad from a k pack
As mad as FIFA gets me, it has never made me break something. I don’t know how people can break £60 controllers and…
If you're not tuning in to PTV on Twitch, what are you doing with your life? Don't miss super moments like this ev…
This game isnt scripted tho guys........
First ever fut champions win and first time ever one of the tournaments
I accept to be a and buy your updates year by year but it could be cool to be honest When us ( game…
I JUST SCORED THIS GOAL...
Live! und Icon-Grind
Live in about an hour for WL !
You have the best players in the world considering stopping playing competitively... when are adjustments going to…
When you sell half your first owner players before the icon swap appears
ICON SWAP ROBERTO CARLOS REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK
still broken. Career mode is unplayable! Just played a cup final against spurs with Kayne, Ali, Lorris and…
anyone know some good super subs for fifa ?
So . How do you elain this goal? scores from my set piece minutes after the game was fin…
OH, BALI! 🤣 It took just ️⃣ minutes for to concede in 's tournament... Check…
Icon grinding
Forgot to say, Only uploaded videos for FIFA and they've all had an amazing return. I do try and upload wh…
Who would you pick
We are LIVE!!!! With some come chill while i loose my Sh*t at the game. …
How would you guys feel about me streaming? Would just be Web app (to begin with at least) talking about trading a…
FIFA GIVEAWAY NEXT WEEK FOR SATURDAY TH OCTOBER How to enter? - Like this tweet - Retweet - Follow My mixer…
FIFA20 TOP AND FUNNY MOMENTS …
My first ever live stream. Come and join me and watch me rage!
Another day to remember is the worst fifa ever made. If you haven't played it you've not missed anything.
Thinks to do today: • bring son at circus • read from • follow …
I’m in love with
Wanna blow the whistle ref?
My firs investment for halloween ultimate scream cards is Man utd MCTOMINAY he is a safe bet he will also be includ…
So can we eect this beauty to be added to ? Who wouldn't want their ultimate team in that?…
Is newell’s old boys stadium on Fifa ?
Best formation to use on ?
How to do the Norway Vs Spain marquee matchup for just k, without loyalty! FUT
TaKe It OuT!!! I am not sure how many people have to talk about or showcase why this needs to be stopped ASAP! AI d…
Simulation League Table &amp; Standings. Youtube Channel:
I’m getting the hang of finallyyyyyyyyy!
Easy
Why does it take years for a player to get the ball?
-1 with a minor squad change cause Auba
mental bronze players, it truly amazes me that people pay this amount for these players. Shout out to …
year after year you release a game with bugs, but this takes the cake! you have ruined it so…
My opinion on already bored of the soundtrack and the awful gameplay, gone are the days of good fifa. Caree…
Hey please add consoles to your bundles as this game play is unplayable and it is…
So far I'm -1 in the WL. easy rage quits. tough, close games. The amount of momentum at plat and issues bec…
Upgrades/Changes? k-1m. /4222/4411 in game
Man really improved the match congestion problems! This is so much better !
Wanted - Fifa digital code 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The Sergio Ramos lookalike is on its way.
FIFA PRO CLUBS ROAD TO DIVISON ONE via
Please God, a couple of things... Take out AI defending and sort out the damn servers. I want goddamn Amazon qualit…
Unbelievable Pack Opening :// …
Live stream 0pm!! -FUT champs live gameplay! 0pm Content Drop -Potential Squad Upgrades?…
Oops.
Whoever codes the AI for needs to seriously reconsider their career.
is so shit it's unplayable! Looks like i'm going back to call of duty!
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
Selling FIFA Ultimate Team ,600 points! ORIGINALLY COSTS $ BUT IM SELLING IT FOR $ ONLY! …
Someone tell me good formations for this shit game please I’m begging.
Can't even find a game in Fut Champions atm. Anyone else?
mins vote will be ended!! Fifa and destiny is TIED by far! Get voted! …
The Esports Carnival organized by earlier today ended with Amir as the champion for FIFA20 tourname…
Think I’ve just wasted my money on it’s fucking shit!
Never pull your keeper out on me
what should I do with the other side?
What are your records so far in weekend league?
Wtf how is it possible that I get disconnected from the game because ea servers…
sold my whole fifa team to do the potm aubamyang and am k off please someone help me out…
wins in weekend league with games left. Need to win all of them for gold one. Should I go for it? …
There aren’t many better feelings than scoring an injury time winner in the last game to gain promotion in online seasons
Check out our latest SmallStreamersConnect hosting clip! TiBoBenLaz playing …
Honestly what even are keepers
FIFA - Les Coup Francs KNUCKLEBALL (TUTO) !! ▶:
KAI'S ON FIRE! // - MY PLAYER / via
We're hosting TiBoBenLaz playing with viewers on Twitch! Connect with them!
Road to Drogba Episode (FIFA ) live at
Id love to know where you guys chill, hangout after developing this shit game. Send location!!
Setup upgrade! ⭐️
Kaithi trailer &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; …
The struggle is real gold in fut champ geez that was hard work 🤣🤣🤣 but change of squad was needed
Champs gameplay in one gif
FIFA - INDIA in FIFA WORLD CUP ! st Match: Subscribe for more. …
I look like a mancity fan 🤣
The F1rst Night Tourney in the IEGA was a great start to FIFA20. …
Ultimate scream next friday who will be in it and what players to invest in make sure to follow i will be giving ou…
I found out how to score from a corner!
the server performance is as slow as my k modem years ago...oh and obvious…
I won’t be streaming this weekend. Will be taking it easy. As always thank you for the support since the beginning…
Quick tip for those doing icon swaps: If you repeat the totw challenge on world class and win it counts as a game.…
Live scenes from WL GP and probably Pro Qualifier GP
FIFA stream playin pro clubs come say hi
Going Live! Crystal Light National FUT Champions Aerobic competition Clown Shoes Hall of Fame FUTBin …
Im bored of this FIFA already
FUT Weekend League Let´s Gooo !!! via
How to do the France Vs Turkey marquee matchup for just k, without loyalty!
So that worked out well... Thanks
Any chance you can stop changing my starting before kick off please?
Creating a Pro Club today. On a mission to division . Who’s with me?!
LIVE! Currently -2 in
So who’s grinding for Icon Swaps? The whole First Owner Objective part doesn’t feel right to me. Pushing FP &amp; Intra…
Good afternoon folks. Going live at pm! -0, we need to push on! |
Selling mil coins on Fifa PS4 message me if interested!
total waste of money
Gotta love how shite this game is sometimes
Is the most rage inducing game of all time?
NEUES VIDEO IST ONLINE! Thumbnail:
Telling your mates you made Gold one on weekend league
No top flight club football this weekend. Which International games are you watching today?
You just can't please Robert Lewandowski on
JHB and PTA tournaments at RocoMamas branches next week: Oct Melrose Arch Oct Irene Ca…
ICYMI Vote for my Walsall Career Mode August Goal Of The Month
has to be the worst gameplay for some time. We have seen a steady decline in the quality of gameplay from FIFA14
The thing about career mode in is EA isn't fixing anything. What makes the game playable is the gameplay it…
While episode comes along in about hours. Check out this dude! Great content on the daily, you’ll love the comm…
This &amp; top tech news headlines – October , 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA : Liverpool Career Mode Guide, tactics, formations, transfers &amp;amp; tips 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
would you call it upgrading the team?
FIFA is a piece of shit. Don't care what anyone says.
If was a person I'd defiantly be going to jail for murder R.i.P to all the furniture in my life
This game is actually played for Thousands of Dollars... Mental! i lost, because of this ^_^
They'll rather slow your players with these tiny strides, watch it go normal as he decelerates
FIFA reaches million players milestone - News969
Looking for new members to join our pro clubs squad! You can come have a tryout for games! …
Ilayadybalapathy Vijay More real than
After my first ever fut champs I was aiming just for silver managed to get this over the moon …
Icon Swap is decent for casuals imo. Personally I'll be getting the easy ones to maybe grab a free Guardiola or Pi…
We Are on it check out our ultimate Team skillz live at …
Another one to watch, his price was almost k on Thursday! 🤑 buy Sunday, sell Thursday Target price: Buy - k Se…
How is it possible for me to go from -3 to -10 in champs? Game servers are delayed, rebounds are better than ev…
Keep an eye on his price, buy Sunday night or Monday and sell Thursday. Target price: Buy - k Sell - k…
Best time for Fifa. Hardly a special card in sight. None of that multi coloured nonsense. Pure gold
my face edit
Listening to the vodka with straw, while sipping the music with earpiece, playing on playstation while yo…
The definition of Football
Do I buy Lenglet or Umtiti?
I need to buy to play against admin! If I win: I travel to Malta and enter Socios of…
I dont have any sexy goal because everytime I spin a few players the finish ends up like ....
A gwaai after a tough game of fut champs hits different
Most annoying thing about this game is that almost everytime you tackle your opponent perfectly the ball always fal…
I have loved fifa since fifa but omg this Fifa is so bad and overrated
The best striker in the world 🇬🇦🇬🇦🇬🇦
Cheated..VAR needed in the Championship
Magine this some how went to extra time at -5, he then quit at -5
% gonna be another year where I stop at gold and play fuck all rivals during the week
is back to being playable. FYI.
How many wins for elite
Fifa Career Mode Leeds United Ep5 via
This is based on the most popular answers on twitter, Who you going for out of these?
Last nights FUT Champs record ended on a nice -2! Join us later on to see how I get on. (cheeky free kick from…
looks legit
How to get fifa for free_Fifa free download …
New RTG Episode! Mbappe is
Does anyone else think world class for squad battles is impossible the Dutch league is god awful
Ah si zoona. How can you take away ’s beard in man? Tf‍️
-1 down after mins enter sweat mode. -1 win! If you're telling me you aren't playing with it over those last…
Why is Knockaert going for k??
Is this broken or what am I missing here?
Got a *slight* upgrade up top
LIVE WITH Tune in now to decide my team!
FIFA | Napoli vs Piemonte Calcio | Simulation League | Gameweek /04 Full Match &amp; Gameplay YOUTUBE:…
Is it just me or is anyone else hitting the post constantly from shots in
Just scored this beauty with
Episode of the Mansfield Town Career Mode is now up! We signed a new Right Back and Goalkeeper ️ Check out the v…
I had a better start this weekend league ( wins and losses ) than last week and im affraid to continue already lol
Do loan players count as first owner for SBC Icon Swaps?
What should I stream today? …
Hello , there is a bug in the web/ companion app that when you want to change your custom tactics the…
Hangover FUT Champs come join the hilarity that may ensue
Hello , can we get the squad preview back for friendly matches (like in FIFA ), please? We want to…
This fifa is in need of a patch, gameplay is probably the worst it's ever been and already I'm waiting for fifa ,…
Selling preloaded ,000 points account using the refund method. in stock get them now!!! $ Each, $ for bot…
Absolute shocker this weekend! From -2 to -9 then -13. Had to stop and played the rest today, started well with…
Stream Live in about an hour! Crystal Light National FUT Champions Aerobic competition Clown Shoes Hall of Fame…
Good RTG
Live : venez me rejoindre !
Why does my keeper do this? I don't get these buttons, it's like a random action generator
Divison rivals are too easy
I've now changed my mind, I think I'm gonna go with Zanetti as he will last the longest in my team, Hagi is also te…
So today marks the end of for me. I’ll continue to play career mode and pro clubs however ultimate team is…
Yes we are ready for qualifiers
New Video out guys check it out Who are you guys looking to get in Icon Swaps ?? …
Loving filming Fifa videos atm tbh🤘
Well my Fifa has been hacked, fucking messers
Squad Battles btw
I played a game of against Liverpool and got red cards. Kudos to the developers for coding…
ok so if I sell my Seria A defense, I'll have k to complete it. Is it worth selling Manolas + Koulibaly and how…
-7 so far, pretty content with that.
We are happy to announce that we are starting squad building service! If you can't find a team that you enjoy, we…
How’s Weekend League Lads?! I’m About To Hit Pink
Good session last night with the lads ...!! /4 wins /4 .. we re ready for the upcoming season..!!…
Just a question.. who’s actually hyped for Fortnite “Chapter ?” I’m kinda hyped since I used to play Fortnite a lo…
Ok so yesterday I tried out fifa again and yes I still haven't gotten the game and it was pretty cool they added…
I don't like the idea of I feel forced to play things I don't want to play. SB is so a bad gameplay its…
handicap. . SXRELF JV
gameplay is honestly the WORST gameplay ever, it’s laggy, it’s slow, everything about the gameplay makes me…
Futchamps! Play games agaisnt the same team and try not too kill yourself!
Actually wouldn’t be surprised if have made career mode broken on purpose so they can do this and…
Just love on
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. AFC (3 Spieler) - PC via
handicap. . W5 U9T5 T2
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. BBZ (3 Spieler) - PC via
FIFA Continues Trend of Successful FIFA Games 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Can you bet on esports? A beginner&amp; guide 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. D3G (3 Spieler) - PC via
Now that's a proper lob.
You should try PES sometime. It's not perfect but wow! You feel the football you're playing, not like your g…
Lmao, look at the top left, you'll see . Man thinks it's career mode. 🤣🤣🤣
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. ROT (3 Spieler) - PC via
everybody
EA FIFA Celebrates Million Players - SludgeFeed
What’s happened to squad battles. Can’t even win on professional. Computer scores every shot on target and plays …
Fifa Pro Clubs - Bubbles Inside - WHU vs. TVQ (3 Spieler) - PC via
Hey so i just bought but Joao Felix doesn,t have his face. Is this a glitch or it,s just not…
First Game GG
I love especially tackling so consistent love it️ …
WE ARE LIVE!!! Block Champs, Legoo!!!
Nothing more annoying than people who dont skip every cut scene/replay on Fifa
how this is even possible?
Delay Champs in full swing, EA literally cannot make a game that doesn’t go to shit as soon as people play online at the same time
Love a good own goal from Hummels when you're -1 up in the th minute and you end up losing -3 after extra time.…
Don’t you love getting transfer banned when you have been sitting at your desk since AM and haven’t done an acount…
Shop at , free delivery for every orders …
In lights of these new objectives I decided to complete POTM Pukki I wasn't going to at first but the fact that u h…
ICON SWAPS HAVE ARRIVED! Your complete guide to Icon Swaps . What is at all about, how do you get them? RTG or P2…
🇩🇪| | - Best of luck to all teams competing in Germany!
Back to goal? No problem.
Who should I buy on fifa I’ve got k EPL
Heard you need silver players in the weekly's...
Same shit every fucking year. GG
is absolutely shocking this year!!! They've completely ruined it!
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY EPISODE - FUT CHAMPIONS TIME!!! RTG
stream ist live! Division Rivals grind
Any team ideas bored of mine and want a new one
JojoLaSolution
If you are one of them people who run too the six yard box and pass it in at every opportunity you get, you're a ho…
Ireland playing today. Any chance of Nicholas Pepé getting an inform?
Its simple if you use depth I'm gonna play like a cunt dont be complaining about me passing around the back while…
It's a boring with no but maybe you're getting involved in , or may…
Who wanna buy me so I can beat
we back live with some more come watch live …
Areola is the best goalkeeper in the game hope this helps.
Done and done POTM Auba added to the team, down k but it’s well worth it IMO for one of my favorite players IR…
FIFA : Magical Mahrez headlines FUT Team of the Week
First qualifier for the year is about to kick off! Going in with great confidence after the top …
When you’re trying to snipe chemistry styles on
Filter sniping: gold | Chelsea | basic | max price lets go! Wait for the next sbcs‍️️️️ …
-1 so far. Loss was due to bad gameplay. Downfall started here last week. Let’s see what we’ve learned. Van Dijk …
The BEST Cheap Icon?!? Our FUT Champions Start! 🤔 -
Honestly what is the point in fifa
THE STREAM IS LIVE!!! Playing the official EA qualifiers for FUT Champions Cup !
Defending on is super shitty!!
FIFA objectives.... Samuel L. Jackson has his say ️
I played FUT champions today..One day I will learn to defend a lead I keep telling myself. Still fun though as I wi…
I'm not seeing many positives about right now, hopefully can get these gameplay issues resolved!
Looks like Donald trump wants the journey back on aswell
The latest The Panchostonian Daily!
Selling my FUT as I don’t play Fifa really. XBOX ONE. Worth about k and is stacked with consumables. All tradeab…
i know yesterday was but fuck it better late than never here it goes i play drop back in
So after an appalling weekend of Champs, generally not enjoying gameplay and sinking too many coins into Untradable…
How many icon swap cards do you have so far?
I need Fifa Coins… Dm if you are selling some ⬇️ Need k PayPal £-€ ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️
Cresswell IF is a perfect investment right now. We have already seen his price rise to around k this week - and i…
me on pro clubs when i unlock skills
Here at the at the Britannia Sacha Hotel Holding a mini game competition…
Hey fix your servers and bugs!! The game isn´t fun! That sucks!! …
FIFA Review: Is it really as bad as the early reports? - Goosed
players have tried FIFA - Gamereactor UK
️International Jerseys are still available in stock. DM to shop now and represent your national team. 🇦🇷🇧🇷🇧🇴🇧🇪…
You know is far broke when Man City sit rock bottom of the premier league table....
Live! With Division Rivals, as we grind for Inform DELANEY! …
FIFA Icon Swaps Elained: All Icon Swaps Players, How to Get Them &amp; More - Twinfinite
FIFA POTM September REVEALED: New Premier League FUT card unveiled
FIFA Has Reached Million Players and EA Is Rewarding Everyone With Goodies - PlayStation LifeStyle …
EA FIFA Celebrates Million Players With Free VOLTA Coins - Gadgets Africa
Electronic ' New Release FIFA Becomes an Instant Hit - Nasdaq
x FIFA POINTS After the success of my last giveaway I’m doing a double FIFA POINT giveaway! LIKE FOL…
Morning team &lt;3 Just recorded a new RTG episode with fut champs gameplay. Was forced to stop after the th game tho…
My third episode of the FIFA Road to Glory was uploaded yesterday! We complete Marquee…
trading method guides here --&gt;
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
Best Chems??? Can my awesome followers on here please tell me what the best Chems to use for my players in…
First WL currently on wins with left.... aim was always this weekend let’s hope I can win more out of ..…
Volta football sbc cheap solution video is now up on my channel.
Unpopular opinion: Rui Patricio is the best keeper on FIFA
Any Gamer on my TL in Taadi!? /
Can someone please elain how playing offline and actively playing I still have this message come up? 🤦‍️
Hey if there were to be WAG cards would be a minimum.
Saturdays Is there anyway for me to play against some of you lot online but keep my identity hidden?…
I recorded very cool film on my Chanel so you can check it... …
Only managed to go until knockout round. Will need to work harder and harder on the manual defending after this. Th…
🧐🧐, Something fishy about this years new ️️️️
Does anyone get the sensation that sometimes the right stick doesn’t register to do skill moves? It’s so annoying
Ladies and Gentleman, we end the stream at -4. A solid record... but we take some learning points from t…
Later this afternoon of our FIFA Players &amp; kick off their Global Series…
Lord Of The Rings Gollum ICON flipping for days...️
Top All-Time
eS-league Malaysia season INFORMATION ! Div kick off -Oct…
I like the idea of Icon Swaps and I really want that Gerrard, but can’t be arsed🤣.
CONGRATS to our FIFA legends for earning their verified status in the first week of . They are now eligible…
Piemonte calcio filter last day ️️️ How much profit did you make with this filter? I have made k-300k and onl…
Has to be the worst game play I've eerienced in a long long time , honestly sort your shit out.
eS-league Malaysia season INFORMATION ! Div kick off -Oct …
When you score from a cross in
eS-league Singapore season INFORMATION ! kick -off --…
I’ve had VVD instead of Vertonghen for games now and I literally don’t feel a difference in how I defend :-/…
Episode of our Career mode is out friends. Enjoy.
name of this T-SHIRT
Forrest Gump with some wisdom from his Mama ️
Let's play a little game who are you more likely to sell on
. you are pushing out more and more squad building challenges for players who invested already a lot…
Lmao class game!
-0! 33333% of the way there 🤷‍️
Come on guys!!!! Today wins!!!
Finished -2 today in the first qualifier of the season and we're through the to the knockouts tomorrow of my…
Weekend League &amp; Trading! Live! 🇩🇪🇺🇸
First weekend league game of for me. Won it -5. Look at his team and then the goal times. Went behind a fe…
Is there any way in telling how many games of champs you have left?
are you not ashamed about ? !
building a new team any suggestions?
I just realized this guy is RB and in the game when I was editing the futswap icon video
Qualifiers are back today, time to go to war
Alexa,turn off PlayStation .
You know what I'm going to start doing is making a gold upgrade two rare player pack each day and playing five gam…
mil transfer profit in one week 🥰🤑
I’ll take that!
Guys what's your opinion on the clip, should this be a penalty or not? Poll in the tweet below
is it just me or is the gameplay on worse than yesterday by a big margin cause I cant seem to win a game. y…
Delayed start but LIVE IN FIVE!! Grinding Icon Objectives, come start your Saturday morning the right way..…
W I S S A M
Why is it IMPOSSIBLE to buy a Hunter Chem style on ?! 🤬🤷‍️
I’m sorry but the responsiveness on gameplay on this champs is possibly the worst I’ve seen on a fifa, my neymar fe…
How do people pack really decent players on and then there’s me packing players iv never herd of …
We are live for our Saturday fut champs boys no football on today so get in here and watch us head towards and end…
Please help me, I think my games broken...
st Games in WL: -7 With a ,5 Million Squad
My newly signed youth player seems to lie about his age...
Portsmouth |
Not a bad few days
What's everyone's opinion on Icon swaps?
So I conceded this goal in the th minute, but I managed to win the game. But EA had more to come. After I had won…
Patiently waiting for those people that are over to my house with their money to get wiped on
Big day today, qualifiers for the first FUT Champions Cup of the year. Fingers crossed i can get some good result…
Pack Opening via
Ryan claims to be our top striker in Pro Clubs. Mitchell shows him only chance is needed. Want to join Atletico…
If I spent last night tinkering about my wildcard team, I would have missed these amazing cards/walkouts …
Just for fun
Check out FIFA ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩
Let’s go player pack
Everton player ratings for FIFA - Squawka
It still amazes me that players like this sell for that much, big thanks to as I wouldn't have known abo…
: After years of European qualifiers and losses, Andorra celebrated their first ever victory ye…
THANKYOUUUUUUUU. Exactly what ive been saying. They almost had it, but as always the money drive was too much…
Its that time again fut champs !!! Lets get those wins Time to hit followers Might even be a cheeky giveaway!…
Coman has got * skills in career mode but only * skills in FUT, why?
How on earth can produce a sack like this it’s unreal. What is the point in higher rated cards when …
Never thought I’d want too hear Martin Tyler’s voice so much in Fifa
Morning, I'm LIVE for more FUT Champs... currently -6 How are you getting on? …
Congrats to first time winner James McGowan!
This goal sums up
Anyone else got an issue where you do one ball roll and it makes you do about and there’s nothing you can do about it
All of you should give up and join us in the game …
FUT Champs..... absolutely shit. Gameplay is slow/unresponsive just unplayable to be honest
game, L, weekend league finished for me....
What do we need the first owner cards for in the icon swaps? Fifa
How are Ultimate team servers so bad compared to pro clubs. Literally unplayable
how much do you get for each fut champs and rivals game ?
Worldie Alert Live at am UK time today
A new video on Icon Swaps is uploading and talking about combinations etc
The team is ready for the first qualifier!
guys invest in monaco silver lm and genua bronze gk they transfered!!
Big thanks to for the host last night! Big help man it means a lot fr. I’m live again guys!…
The amount of people playing high depth, drop back and pray they hit one good counter attack is just disgusting
Spending this weekend playing some Pretty impressed with the gameplay and graphics Most of all - loving…
🥅 Shooting: Passing: Pace: Scott Pollock is one of the lowest-rated players on FIFA - does that me…
ND SINIPING METHOD OF THE DAY QUALITY SILVER / POSITION MIDFIELDER / NATIONALITY BRAZIL MAX BUY NOW COINS SEL…
en live sur FIFA !
that game...
mad support on the youtube lately we need to hit that k again though make sure to subscribe…
First time in decades I’ve not bought the new FIFA. What are people’s thoughts on it?
YES! I GOT THE GOAT!! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
Bought when it come out AND I haven't touched it since day . What a broke mess career mode a…
We're keeping this going until Monday! Still a chance for you to enter to win a St Mirren branded copy of …
Won bid at -750 and sold at k for cards. Small profit, but easy.
If you don’t submit the same answer you are a clown 🤡
hybrid tina + epl team
First game in Squad Battles on Ultimate level of difficulty. …
Back live in !
-1 so far this weekend, the kid held the ball in a corner from the th min and team pressing doesn’t it work…
Good Morning! If you could take mins out of your day to watch todays vid that would be cool as I catch you up…
Will Hulk get a flashback card in FIFA20 from his days in Zenit? This is what his card could look like! …
We need this! Please!
Ronaldo's first career goal José Alvalade Stadium🇵🇹 World class chip goal Ronaldo's th career goal José Alva…
CONGRATULATIONS you have won the FIFA POINT giveaway picked out by my daughter Hit my DMs so I…
GL to everyone in qualifiers ️
i swear if i see another ad im going to fucking snap
So what do you think about Icon Swaps so far? Not sure how it all works? Check out my new YT video elaining the…
Awesome graphics of . Sometimes could be difficult to identify the real from the video image!?…
What I would love to see is later on in the game is the icon moments sbc’s released, that way the icons we have ear…
/12 Let's go!
First team for
My little dude sporting his new top at soccer practice
And the atrocious delay in FUT Champs is in full swing
GIVEAWAY ALERT Here is your chance to win a Champions Edition FIFA game To enter just follow these steps:…
My reaction when I saw this year:
Think I'm going to go for carlos first then see how many tokens I earn after that Who's everyone else going for?…
World class Pogba
Scott is rated on FIFA - he shows how good that is in real life - GIVEMESPORT
How does icon swaps actually work?
- to end the day. With this team I think that's pretty good. We go again tomorrow, now I'm just tired. Going t…
fut champs squad 0.19
UK Deals: Get a Lifetime VPN Subscription with FastestVPN for under £17 - IGN - IGN
First game Lewa
I've just hit the post times in game all from inside the area my opponent has shots which bounced of my keepe…
We are LIVE on ! - P2W - - RTG - - No Choke Zone Get involved! …
Goalkeepers Defenders Midfielders Forwards We've got you covered for West Ham in .
Watch 's first EVER game of
My friend: Are you any good at football? Me: I'm amazing! Also Me:
The FIFA President said that the tournament will be exceptional and we will discover a part of the world that we di…
Sort it out
FIFA Ultimate Team: Best German Team – Reus, Gnabry, Sane &amp;amp; more 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
minutes.
BIG LOVE FOR LEWA &lt;3
How's gameplay feeling today?
I lost my first game being -1 up with mins on the clock last minute equaliser then beat in extra time welcome t…
Only the third time I’ve ever played FUT Champs and my god I am struggling, at least it’s because players are just better than me
Hey guys just a quick tutorial on how to view your friends FUT squads this year …
Wish had said from beginning first owner objectives this year. In order to grind a competitive team I have…
Live now -1 Champs
Legit spent hours bidding on players for the volta sbc and somehow got no one above in my fucking mega pack
This icon swap thing for me is going to cause havoc with the leagues. So many people getting relegated on purpose o…
typical fut Champions Game 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Morning all. Hope you all have a good one. Once I drag myself out my pit I shall resume with the review I'v…
what do we think about this squad?
Is it worth buying Fifa ? I have been hearing a lot of issues with Career Mode and that’s my main play.
My team has a spy..... Yokuslu is perplexed
current record: -4-40, that's a win rate of % how to have fun and make every match intense? make che…
How to be a pro in F1:
If anyone is fed up with trying to remember what each Icon costs token wise in Icon Swaps in , feel free to…
-0 so far. Mentally for me, that’s a massive achievement in itself!
Morning Gang, No stream during the day today, at the dog park all day! Might do an evening stream late…
The transfer market totally screwed my Rodri investments, how is the market so dead already
so cool
GOOD MORNING FIFA TRADERS Sniping filter st of the day Quality silver / chem style basic / league EPL / Buy now …
Guys I will be making vids on my nd channel soon (MAYBE AFTER HALLOWEEN) but what games do u like me too talk abou…
Servers do not work with me
Live furtif ...
is the most boring game ever.
About to go live! Really hoping to grind out these icon swaps objectives!
🥰 We Hit Subs! 🥰 Thankyou All So Much For The Support On &amp; The Feeling Of Hitting…
Tnx for most beautiful game eveeeeeer
Lose connection to the EA servers as I’m taking this pic and don’t get the win, for real ?!?
Anyone else had the issue on career mode with the champions league games being non existent 🤷‍️
Sick k pack
Best icon to get in the swaps
easier than penalties
tell me about it, can’t snipe em for shit
Weekend league goal
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
AI Lineup Solution (if you only have one controller) Go to edit teams Go to club transfers Edit all the teams in yo…
For anyone wondering how to see how many games they have left on just press Y/Triangle to load the sc…
How do you get the icon swap items?
Would JJ Okocha with a deadeye not be great in the game at the moment, could pick him up today/tomorrow. People se…
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
-1 T100 Time to focus on qualifying for the knockouts tomorrow
Big Willy is just as good in the box on as he is in real life
My day is consisting of grinding out icon swap cards.
What the fuck is this shit ? After EVERY kick off my right or left winger is back at my own corner f…
ovr Aubameyang pocketed by some ovr arabian lad in h2h. I love this game.
Big Willy is just as good in the box in as he is in real life
No qualifiers for me today. Too tired for the long day .... I’ll have a nice chilled one. I really don’t fancy sp…
Video going LIVE in HOUR &amp; I talkin' players, instructions, &amp; tactics with all the Top Formatio…
I’ve never known such a poor launch of a Fifa series in my life. On a positive note, atleast we can all save oursel…
Matchfinders are open for today until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All …
So guys, how will you spend the unscheduled day off? Other than one or two drivers, it looks like you'll find mos…
Scott is rated on FIFA - he shows how good that is in real life 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Make them rage quit early! . . . . …
Give me your best player between -800k!
Really annoyed about Icon swaps? Playing and weekend league and need something to help you through on…
Am I crazy to be considering this man? Full backs few and far between, heading is not in the game, this guy looks u…
Was -1 on and lost games because of late rebounds. What has this game come to. I acc Cba playing the rest.
No action on track. Must be time for
Good luck to everyone competiting in the qualifers today, hope the EA gods are on your side fellas!
Like if it wasn’t just me that had hrs sleep because of video games last night
,750 Profit after tax overnight
Does anyone else prefer more than normal Fifa now since cake out?! 🤨
WOWOWOWOWOWOW, how is this a penalty in the first place and then how has this gone in?
Story of my life with
A little late but it’s here!!
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
This clip sums up everything that's wrong with this FIFA.
at room
Direction buttons OR analogs
Try again
FIFA was released on September for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation , Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. …
Doing far better this weekend! -3 in my first . Got things to do today and then I’ll be back at it this evening.…
is dead.
literally the next month after 🤦‍️ FIX THIS
We are LIVE on playing SPOOK CHAMPS DAY is here! Current Record:…
Talk about fixture congestion. You give me matches in entire February and then bombard me with in March
Aubameyang POTM SBC Completed - Can You Do It For The Same Price As Gold... via …
DM if you want to buy PS FIFA20 Coins I have mil in stock.
Hey please can you live stream a fifa game for the fans ? With no qualifying today we need some ac…
Soo far the weekend league is pathetic nothing but disconnections Every year the same thing another sham! At this p…
When you fire up and you find out they’ve ditched The Journey
is broken I swear it is. How can you bring a game out with a policy of pay to win. Played games last nig…
mil TP achieved
Good morning hitting the gym then will be live at am to grind out some more fut champs games I’m looking for…
What icon swap are you guys getting? I would like Ian Wright but just wish there were tokens so I could get another
Thank you all for joining our co-op stream last night we finally found our feet again after so long of not gaming t…
Here is a poll I made for FIFA Career mode/EA in general, answer if you want to. Poll was first submitted to r/Fifa…
wins loss on fut champs.
Nice profit
Best goal so far in futchamps what a ball and what a volley by allan🧐 …
SORRY and THANK YOU!
First weekend league I’ve ever done, finished -12. Finished all games in one day
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. YoutubeChannel: …
Hat trick de mertens
GK punch less sure. Now they just run up to the ball and stop. The LW/LF/LM still starts from kickoff even…
ULTIMATE for is now OUT on Patreon! Get it at ● Includes all-new HD Turfs…
ULTIMATE for is now OUT on Patreon! Get it at ● Includes all-new HD Turfs…
Anyone wanna donate $40 to open these promo packs? PLEASE ill love you forever
Episode is coming out later today at am MST (5:00pm GMT) So for now, if you haven’t already. Watch episode o…
How your opponent scores in futchamps! How could ramos ever do that chip while defending nevertheless it had to fal…
Had no practice with my current team before entering my first of very happy currently -3
I’ve not seen a single good review on .
Check out this clip! justrelax_son streaming FIFA
FIFA India's World Cup Journey! st Match: Like. Share. Subscribe for more.…
Never had such a horrid time in before. I'm for atm I think. I'm % the better side but I can't sc…
Live in ! Can't sleep so might aswell stream for you guys! …
My first goal on was from Jorginho PS4share
where is Juventus?!
I just played one of the most most delayed games I've played things weren't registering for me at all and then I ge…
FIFA Ultimate Team Market Analysis: Price plummets for Piemonte paceman. …
Played last Sunday and this song popped up, a jam
FUT has taken over my life. Damn you FIFA!
Bro matches where im winning get disconnected and I don’t get the wins ffs.
Anybody playing Ultimate Team that wants to play against me?
This has to be the poorest team ever on FIFA. So painful.
United fans gassing up their new signings
-1 el primer dia Very Good y SIN fifa points
need GFX hit me up here is some of my work Thumbnails Channel Art Overlays Full Revamps Cheap Prices…
Stream starting, its gonna be a long one tonight. Hey son, how you spell long di.... nevermind. Come show some su…
hr later... Of course it's
Ice In My Veins
I got you Zwe ... Your RTG has been Truly Life Changing IMO
Horrendous gameplay. Players are stuck in mud
Anyone up for H2H with teams? Or you can make other program team. Hit me up for a game! …
if anyone wants to see me rage on fifa stop by and say hi (:
What A Bangerrrr!!!!! Against
why can't i change to Alexis i was Spamming right stick to switch never happen
Lmao I allowed my guy beat me three games in a row on Man then goes on a wager and it has ended in tears. B…
PlayStation Month DEAL - Grab your membership cheap here! - Daily Star
-11 on weekend league. Rebound goals. Goalkeeper rebounds to my opponent, tackles doing absolutely nothing, and th…
So almost a week playing pro clubs and I've finally come across a GK that's any good.. most are bonkers flying ever…
The absolute worst start to any weekend league. Every fucking tackle I do doesn’t matter. I track a passing lane an…
In the mood for some
Rashford You Beauty …
for on fut champs.
Every transfer window: Arsenal linked with a year old from France’s th division Arsenal fans: …
Here's a little clip of doing bits from tonights stream! How's your teams/records…
FC : When will Paxton Pomykal&amp; star rise too far? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
someone elain why this game is still so fucking shit
Morning Vibes
It’s Literally Too Easy
I know this man’s sick.. came back from -2 down to win -2 with this goal in the th
Any defending tips so frustrating sometimes. Heeeelllllppppp …
E.A CONTRE IT'S IN THE GAME
Icon swaps is one of the best things in .. Actually after playing the whole of FIFA I was not able to us…
Another weekend and same BS rng in the game... When will it end?
-4 current record. Now to take a break. Played a subscriber also hopefully he does well in his games.
Fifa : Ultimate Team - David Trezeguet Player Review 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
-3 to finish the night. Lost to a top player but for two of the goals I was stuck on freeze lag which is nice.…
Finally getting to play
My top players of all time (that I have seen): . Messi . Cristiano Ronaldo . Ronaldo (El Fenomeno) . Zidane…
Another undefeated Suit Up Saturday! Thanks for all the support as always guys, you are amazing. ️ - in cham…
With kit in hand, I’m on the way to for our first Tournament of the year. Here’…
Ibra style
Bonswar
CHAMPS DONE!!! SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES!!!! THE COMMUNITY NEEDS TO TAKE A LONG HARD LOOK AT…
league down. to go. And this was the team I completed the Serie A task for. OVR only. Ive faced OVR and …
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Icon Swaps Online Objectives (Premier League) Re... via
BEEN LIVE FOR HOURSlets go im not stopping now
When you just not allowed to win
We end Day of FUT Champs at -4. Griezmann looking like a solid upgrade at ST &amp; We also get some good pack luck a…
FIFA best young defenders: wonderkids to sign - Red Bull
Love how I just spent another $20 on packs and my best player was a rated C’mon give us better…
All of you gamers, please keep practicing your and BECAUSE when the holiday season hits, I get on…
out of of the objectives for the first set of ICON SWAPS in is based around FIRST OWNER players. This…
Mixed feelings about this weekend league... 🤔
You would think a multi billion dollar success of a company wouldn’t have skip lag every game of competitive play…
Remarkable as Andorra win Euros qualifier for the first time in years 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Juul Beers Music Hoodie FUT Champions READY! 🤫
W2G4: -3 L (Well played by the opponent on the counters. First time ever facing Taison. No idea how to defend him.…
What a finish from Guedes!
Madden : Who should be the next MUT Legends? - RealSport
Stream is LIVE !!! Current Result W:5L …
horseshit. this is , and all they did was copy last year's groups. ALL the groups.
Ending it right there , -0, nearly got elite last week, hopefully i dont choke it this week w/ this team Griezm…
Champs time on
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) FUT CHAMPS Episode Access to your prefer…
Acquired player of the month pukki
Be a smart gamer to shop game CD Key. Compare and get cheap FIFA . Check out FIFA : See…
I HAD to hit that celebration after that lmaoo I'd quit hahaha
Me deciding to play to chill and relax...
This weekend league gameplay on Fridays is absolute dog.
FIFA Career Mode Series (Hindi) Episode : The King Arrives! Watch: …
Who ya’ll going for in Icon Swaps?
Refs on this game are so fucking bad... clear pens not getting given and block offs every game🤬
Yahsir is a nonce
‼️ LIVE with the Qualifier for FUT Champions Cup -&gt; (and it seems like a good day to wea…
Dawg unno nuh want know how much me hate this game right now . The defending is awful
FIFA Where people are rewarded for playing park the bus. I love fut champs.
Okay, so was meant to announce the winner to my giveaway yesterday but will have to be later today just retweet…
Look at the bottom right corner. FULL power. Doesn't make it past the first opponent. Something like this has happe…
Is the most broken game I have ever played in the last decade! Not even playable! Players dodging the ball,…
When you're hungry and fifa knows it.
When you realize the journey isn't in
Not bad for the level Seasonal objectives k UT pack! First owner objectives anol that...…
how am i suppose to play a game every days fifa needs to fix this 🤦‍️
When said The Journey wasn’t coming back on
Why the chemistry for all players is
Stream Starting in min !!! Current Result W:5L …
Just an average game in
Keen to show off your skills? ️ Well, you better sign up for the PlayStation Plus Friendlies at…
how is that a red card? still got the dub tho
WHY IM BUYING A GAME IF THERES NO OPPONENTS IN FUTCHAMPSS
Once again, Looking for a Coach to help me reach elite and top in weekend league, we can discuss prices…
Time for round of week FUT champs games, going live with the record of -1. Let's hope we can end on a solid to…
games into champs and i'm already tired of it sigh.
Fifa20 - Volta Football v4 Gameplay. Manchester United vs Arsenal …
Welcome
Accurate
pace! Stick on the wing, and I’m certain he’ll provide that squared ball for a sweaty goal! …
Messi is the only one missing
We are live!!!!! Tune in as we bgin the second fut champs weekend adn we try to complete SBC's VAMOS!!!!!! …
If I wasn't disconnecting pretty much everytime I pause the game in division rivals I may enjoy Fifa .
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
Hey guys I streaming right now on come join my stream and have some fun. I playing …
If you’re looking to build a Serie A team on ultimate and need a good cm- Barella is really effective and his work…
$10 to charity for every win! Hope I don't suck Let's get it!! …
Wow... really outdid themselves this year...I never thought I’d play a FIFA worse than , but somehow…
Eredivisie SB objective team. It’s really refreshing having to build a full team for objectives that are meaningf…
I’m live playing come and chill …
Opening packs right now!
cant find copa mundials anywhere on . not worth bothering with
How is this game even allowed to be released? Losing in the th min to this
Which game is worse this year ? or
swear every pro clubs player thinks they Ronaldinho
Can you sub off first owner players for the challenges for icon swaps or not?
Selling Coins DM if you're intrested will beat any coin site
anyone know how to turn k in k on i gotta finish the Auba sbcs
Beautiful ball by Pogba! It’s Rashford — great touch! IT’S Marcus RAAAASSHHHFORD: …
Here it is. Xbox APAC FGS FUT Champions Cup Stage I Qualifier. The first qualifier for . Come have a w…
Just opened packs and got k off of players alone, my first time opening packs in years, please…
My friends are completing POTM Auba right now so gonna be opening both their packs on stream in mins!
I am pretty sure this is not how you spell lackLUSTER.
Selling Coins. k = £13 only Only PayPal DM if interested
Im done with weekly SBCs for now
I think this FIFA soundtrack is better then the actual game
FIFA Continues Trend of Successful Games has already exceeded…
ATTENTION Word on the street is that there’s a new series coming... stay tuned gamers …
Some may disagree, but I am going to take Guardiola (this weekend) so that I can actually use the icon whilst it wi…
FIFA Weekend League action pictures.
Happy to be playing for 🦁 Great team - Great players! We ain’t here to play... We are her…
Anyone see how this is offside?
Going Live Now! For some ! Stop by and show some support! -----&gt;&gt;
I dropped my latest video literally at the same time Icon Swaps dropped. If you could go and watch my FIFA Road…
World Cup qualifier to be held in Pyongyang next Tuesday 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FUT Champs -1 first day not too bad. Took a silly loss in my first games again! We go again tomorrow
It's a shame nothing makes me happier than, beating a guy who dropbacks the whole game and then quit in the min…
I'm going LIVE! Week of WL games, come check out the stream
Ah I see activated quicksand mode for my players
Fix your ugly game EA im getting sick of it.
Time for …
PlayStation feels weird
Exactly why I stopped spending money on . Everything about FUT is a fix job. EVERY single Zaha card is…
Team is done for this WL!! Looks nice!!
A white ball on a snow covered pitch ? Come on fifa, you're better than that
Such shit. How am I supposed to build a team when I sell shit for k less then the actual selling price? It’s proo…
Super happy to say that I finally made a top FIFA list, only the weekly list but still an accomplishment. …
Petition to have this kit in FIFA …
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
Remember to just walk away *19
Selling k Fifa coins on PS4 . Dm me if interested. €10 p/100k.
Video has been live for a day now! Go check it out! DIVISION ANTICS - The Saggy Sloths S1E…
Another proof that is a scam, I pack Wilfred Zaha, he’s selling for a minimum of k..... except mine of co…
For the first time an upgrade genuinely feels like a downgrade
Big season ahead. Qualifiers start tomorrow and me and the boys are gonna give it everything
FIFA’s game play this year because of the servers.....sometimes good, sometimes shit! …
MY FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS! ULTIMATE TEAM via
So i decided to drop and pick up Johan Cruyff and its probably the best decision ive made this …
Which Icon are you grinding for during the Icon Swaps event?
The st owner objectives are good but they should of made an objective game mode so you dont have to sacrifice your…
Friday Night FUT Grind! Drop In &amp; Catch Some Games! ️
Is anyone else having THE WORST weekend league ever? I’m currently. -8. The only positive is that tomorrow can’t g…
Selling k FIFA legit Xbox One
O M F G !!! I just scored a header (my first) in
Anyone know if it’s worth selling De Gea and get Kepa instead? Not enjoying De Gea one bit
How do you score in this game. I really don't know how.
Started champs solid...then lost in a row , nearly packed in. Ended the day win from so ill take it. Made…
Streaming Fifa for fun! Grind rivals points/SB points! live at
THE WORST GAME I'VE EVER SEEN. I lost becasue i couldn't make subs.
First drink of the stream!!!!! Get in here, ALCOHOL and WL!!!!
Anyway i can upgrade?
I don't know a single other game franchise other than Fifa that makes your players all of a sudden play like dog sh…
ISCO GOAT.
FUT CHAMP
First WL games here we go! Can this squad get me to elite?!?
FIFA Coins for Sale,We Trade delivery method % safe and will take responsibility for that. With years e…
I bet some of y'all didn't believe my last tweet but I followed through!!! Just went live! It's been a while so e…
Is it just me or is player control and passing control seem to be a lot more loose and unaided on FUT Champs? The g…
ending the night on W L - not bad for my first weekend league of fifa , got it all to p…
Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro play …
Someone please build me a team around these , M to spend
-0 to -7, Gamed broken
Bruh is my game broke or something; can’t seem to win a game tonight.
Just scored this banger on
Playing online for the first time wish I didn’t bother hahahaha
I’m really about to break my
-1 again to start weekend league hoping to finally get elite
Playing fifa this year as you score I'll score ..fuck wins and loses im only going for goals and shushes …
Anyone Wanna Buy On PS4? £30.. Someone Please Take It Before I Snap The Disc, Literally Cannot Play This B…
When is releasing a patch for ?
I can’t quite put into words how poor Ultimate Team is in Fifa .
I'm truly lost for words. Every single game is a shit show. Drop back depth. You completely outplay your opponent…
Fix the servers!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome.
Send me a picture of your team and I’ll rate it from to !
When is the first ever FUT CHAMPS match on the RTG!
yoo this guy is always there when you need him, day and night. It's so pleasant to do business and…
Fix speed up lag so I can play the actual game pls
Drafts and I lost them all in the rd round, k, made around k, doing a last one before doing my team for this…
Humm 🤔🤔
FIFA : How to Complete PL POTM Aubameyang SBC 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Top software sales in the UK for Sept. revealed 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Icon Swaps Single Player Win squad battles matches min. World Class difficulty using CSL Players in…
Watch this
Kubo's finest work.
Icon Swaps Progress: Guo Quanbo Score goals with first owned players in Rivals Play matches in FUT…
A huge thank you to the for bringing the College Challenge tournament to campus. It was great…
There is something very very very wrong with your game.... The dynamic tackling or wtf ever you mentioned i…
is already a huge problem🤦‍️! That’s all these niggas be doing lately
Wonder how much money paid to make it so you want to break your controller when playing…
Rare sighting of a headed goal
Mad value
Jayyysusss. I had to post this
I can't wait too play agaisnt Ronaldos and messi's consistently in the weekend league can't deal with these sweaty…
you guys need to sort out the button delay, drop back and tackling AS SOON AS FUCKING POSSIBLE!!! This gam…
What is offside?
So the only way to better dropback counter-attack, is to just not play the game, uh EA? How is there no counter f…
What the hell is going on with this fifa???
really doesnt like giving me penalties
Loving the season objectives just got the Wall of aMan for my First owner Games get in 🤩 …
Fuck, they are almost all the same prices. Will keep them for Futmas then. Should I sell Lozano?
State of
Still pissed FIFA is broken and want to play another football game? PES is on sale on the PSN store for $42 ri…
is soooo bad. When I press a button I eect it to be performed not just ignored.
Dead Game
Took lists but hit with k profit
Think Im gonna cash out and everything. Lost around k on the Lukaku's cause I'm stupid af. All my IFs are on pr…
With I never just get that feeling of “I was beaten by the better player there!” It’s just mistake after…
Proof is broken. I lost on penalties, obviously
FIFA20 is going to be slowly ruined by these defensive pricks. man behind on the meter the whole game
One of the best to ever do it, with the best player to ever do it/on the game, and THIS happens.... What hope do I…
Might be an unpopular opinion, but the Icon Swap objectives are very doable and I’m actually excited for the grind.
This how you make someone RageQuit stay calm relax n hold possession n pass the ball around until you score
Imagine any mode in actually worked..........
wrapped up appreciate the lot of you for dropping in &amp; taking part. Not the start was looking for i…
This game is a disgrace. Ban packs its destroyed fifa as a platform game
Me when I play seasons and slap people vs when I play ultimate team and get slapped up
Night well spent ️‍️️ …
Ummmmm what’s this?
LIVE!!!!!! Beer and WL!!! Idk how this is going to go......
I am live on Twitch - streaming FIFA ! Live trading, chilling out, giving trading advice &amp; icon flipping!…
-4 on champs and i have no idea how im going to get through the next games. gameplay is dreadful
FIFA is utter cancer, conceded rebound goals in two games, even tho a patch came out last week saying it would fix them, fuck off
My Frst Gol in Pre Season for VFL Chelsea󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Some nice trading done today! A few highlights: ) x Navas bought at ,250, sold at ,750 = profit…
Playing Volta really fun! let's go!
PLAY ADVANTAGE REF!!!
Anyone else having serious problems of keep losing on season progress after doing challenges on
⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦ ⁦⁦⁩ ⁩ …
I load up and log in to then I sit and stare at the menus thinking what am I going to do? I shouldn’t…
great game .... Every game is some stupid fuck playing ultra defensive with pacey cunts up top... ho…
Don’t forget keep your untradeables and bronzes and sell these, put up at a time hours later all gone
Class
This update is awfully realistic
Mein letztes Mal sah so aus. No bugs! Never change a running system! Love
Grind day
Lovely
st win of the weekend. Drop back counter attack is far too OP especially against the better teams
Is it just me or is gameplay absolutely wank right now?
any know how to score
Lionel : One Man to Rule Them All &amp;amp; in the Darkness Bind Them 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Playing some of the best FIFA in my life and enjoying the hell out of it!! Haven’t felt this way about a game in ye…
In my save on i decided to give the captaincy to
Think I’ve scored probs one of the worst goals in fut champs this weekend
How the fuck was it possible to make pro clubs worse????
League Cup B is still in Round . I'll keep you updated as they progress. …
LIVE Weekend League Gameplay
is absolutely shit, worst fifa they’ve ever made
If you use Icon Swap Tokens for Michael Owen your a Psychopath of the highest order
So far in League Cup A (Kevin Ball), (Lewys Jones}, (Jamie Hounslow), (Jack Shaw)…
Pinning this Tweet so I can remind myself to achieve this goal by February Replies will be what I already…
Selling coins message me
| -2 baby, I’ll deffo take that and run!
We would like to welcome club to the eFA
Day of fut champs over, ended -1 I stopped at -0 but I couldn't help myself and wanted more game when tired…
There’s nothing like listening to on while playing …
k to spend, what upgrades/changes?
Ultimate team is fucking shit too
The goat
Played for the first time and it is fucking shit.
If you could make any player from the past an who you choosing?
Love how EA have stitched the Drogba fans up. We’ll give you tokens &amp; of them will get you Didi. But you’…
FIFA is a load of fucking shit
Just played squad battle games in a row and I’m ready to feed my face to the dog, absolutely horrible how a game…
is about press and run ?
FIFA Championship? teams and they can use whoever they want from their crew.
Nahhhh just almost lost because of this LOOL
Are you actually taking the piss?? How is this not a goal??
Anyone know the best time to BUY and the best time to SELL on FUT?
Glad to see is running well.
New dynamics for first season lvl.30 objectives! Which one will you choose? …
Hey guys I'm live right now on twitch! Come support the stream! …
Welcome back fut results
Ok so that was easier than I thought score a head and volley in same match ️
is a fucking joke
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM) PIERRE-EMERICK AUBAMEYANG
Live doing Auba bcs why not lol
I been trying to buy a shadow chem on for days now
When you pack messi... lesssgooo!!!
How on earth do people go -0 on the weekend league when I can't even make a simple pass to my teammate?
ICON SWAPS ELAINED GUIDE! OBJECTIVES &amp; BEST OPTIONS!
Come check out my stream on Playing FIFA - FUT Champs and pack openings!!! …
Ronaldo getting ready for the Ballon D’OR ceremony knowing he won’t win anything …
Come and chill out in my stream, listening to music &amp; trading! Icon flipping, mass bidding, sniping etc! Road to…
Packed my first ever icon after spending so much money on fifa points LETS GOOOO!!!!
Division is another tight one with (Farhad Manati) sitting on top by point, but …
Me after winning that tournament
We Are Live!! Let’s get some W’s and make a dent on these ICON swap objectives …
I can't be the only one who finds CR7 to be tragic on this game?
Been on fire whole afternoon RTG
Some stills from my career mode showing off the mod by Love it
“We got him!” Yes potm is mine!
This game has quality goalkeeping
Poor fucker🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Division is well under way with (Harry Fearnehough) sitting on top with just point. …
I ve done the chip shot objective times. Wth is going on ?
Icon Swaps are looking good! There is still much to fix in this game, especially in the gameplay department, but th…
Sorry but Level of difficulty “ultimate”. Playing as a team from the nd division.Defeated…
Watch game play: On Twitch:…
Stopping at -1 for now. FUT Champs is making me sad, proper sad too. Might not be the game, might be somethin…
ICON SWAP GUARDIOLA REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
WTF HAVE THEY DONE TO THIS GAME, IT FEELS LIKE FIFA
People need to understand that the reason gameplay is so sluggish and inconsistent is because of lag cheate…
As of right now here are my first owner teams for the major leagues. Feels doable even at this point to back into …
is the worst FIFA since dethroned PRO - it’s weird
I just want to be home playing ultimate team.
Don't know how Benezma scored this nutty header against me.🤷‍️
Division has a clear leader at the moment in (Iain Brennan), but there's still a while to go yet. …
Btw you couldn’t pay me to do those Icon Swap objectives. In two months you’ll all have better players in your team…
Bulli First Owner und Gold Rivals
Going live at pm tonight! nd WL. Talking about the new ICON SWAPS. Let’s grind!…
feel free to add my psn TSUCJD9989
In bed thinking my yr old is arguing with someone downstairs... yeh he is ....with the ref on
Braziled
The final piece of my FUT jigsaw is now complete with Phil Foden taking he’s place on the bench
The man the myth the legend
The fuck is this shit fix your shit
Finally got Bout to be lit
Currently -1 in champs, going to continue more games tomorrow and chill. How’s everyone else doing?
This is how the Premiership looks right now. (Phil Moule) sitting on top on goal difference. …
New vote
Officially is broken
Derek Rae has just said ill receive some silverware after this game... for winning my Champions League group stage. Ffs
Why does Derek Rae say ‘Cryff’ like Alan Partridge would?
FIFA | Gameplay VAR Moment?? LOOOOL
Some of your favourite creators are playing this weekend in partnership with ! Be sure to check ou…
Someone build a good k team for me
Score to make it -4 then Sissoko from kickoff in the th minute. Great game
FIFA WL LETS GO!!!!!! !giveaway - WL Games - Football Talk - WL Rage followers Away…
What's everyone's team looking like?
Welcome Pukki! The grind starts here!
Which icon are you going for?
is awful.... Not able to pass and control even in squad battles. 🤒 fully laggy online games in Bahrain.
problems
ok so i tried today n i guess i could get back to playing fifa regularly? it felt way more realistic and enjoyable than and
Currently getting my arse raped buying MLS and Dutch League players on
Right, first WL game of let’s get it
Who you pickin’ up?
I am live on YouTube again with some more trading, icon flipping etc!
Sorry for no stream last night! Just wanted to have some time for myself. I’ll do a short stream tonight after wo…
Spread my first games over the course of today, lost my first game of then went on a win streak so ending the…
Well that's not happening
Wolves pick their dream five-a-side teams 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Also side note are referees just like dumb? One game I’ll be murdered and no foul and next I’m giving away pens for…
That picture really goes together with his pace
Worth it? Or wait for sale?
Biggest win in champs so far was coming back from -2 down with a strange RNG red card and penalty to win -4. Neve…
Counter attacking at its finest
FIFA Career Mode Episode | Andre Gray A Problem!?! via …
FUT Champions Rewards! SICK IN-FORM PACKED | Mission MLS Ep U... via
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! HUNTING FOR OTW PLAYERS! - FIFA Ultimate Team Pack Opening …
Il sit and watch the footy when its on but OMG i hate if i hear look at this Jo one more time
Never celebrate too early
LIVE - ICON SWAPS - FUT CHAMPS - OBJECTIVES GRIND! …
We are LIVE!!!! - RTG FUT Champs - Icon Swaps Discussion - Building the Weekend League Squad - FUT Champs Stress…
The first badge of Icon Swap Deals. Different Values for each Token. Values are the actual PS4 Prices. The Prime Ve…
Sweaty Champs. You can't make this up. Almost lost because of this but I'm currently -1
We Are Buying: RIGHT NOW!! WE NEED FIFA20 coins!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm us n…
I just played at team on FUT Champs with a defence of Alison,Koulibaly and VVD...
Here it is! What’s the plan! me who you’re getting!
retweet..stop wasting your money in a company that could care less about you .. retweet if you r…
EA has just taken ,598 off me, has this happened to anyone else in the objectives??
MLS Silvers have been working a treat for me! Good trading method for you guys on a lower budget! …
And some things never change.
Doing a , but a little bit different I'm letting you the audience choose what you would like to win Select…
-2 currently in Champs. Not too bad, aiming for Gold this week after finishing Gold last week!
I need to stop playing on Friday’s..first game -6 loss to a stacked team with Hazard and Aguero up top and they ju…
gameplay was great during the first week. Now there is button delay and every player feels like your trying…
FIFA CAREER MODE | REBUILDING MAN UTD | EPISODE Marcus Rashford leaves for Man City?!? Find out here on Epis…
Who are you guys going to go for? I'm thinking either: - Ballack and Pep - Butragueño - Zanetti …
Only Icon Swaps for Baby Rio
/🤔 Win with a max rated team and sub, only using golds in rivals
Who do you think will be the best player I get from of these?
I've been busy playing just seeing it now that Ronaldo has just scored career goal, that lad is another beast
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
So tokens to get for the first part of Icon Swaps let's see what this is all about then
Yes EA. Still Same
My created player has goals in matches for Salford City in I think it’s time for a move 🤷‍️
Best CAM in the premier league on for around / under k?
spunked in my dogs eye
I'm bad at this game, but I score decent goals
Feels like EA doesnt wanna solve my problem
Come on!
Career Mode Episode !
I still can’t bring myself to qualify for the weekend league
It took exactly weeks for people to go from "This is the best FIFA in a long time" to "This is worse than FIFA …
Nice first walkout of !
Servers are an utter disgrace. surely you can't be proud of this game?
I'm digging icon swaps on
Whats the best camera settings guys ?
Playing great matches in with
Stopped playing because the lag is just unplayable. Started back playing game. Same shit. Just can’…
,000 FIFA POINTS! REWEET THIS FOLLOW AND MUST SUBSCRIBE TO…
Can somebody help me with this hybrid league first xi please
Finally something good in a pack!
What a beautiful free kick …
Tired of everyone playing depth drop back ffs stop being pussios and attack you little shits
Last minute equalisers
Things you hate to see when you're winning a game with first owner players...
Quick update on the channel plus my new series plus road to glor…
Playing these objectives is testing my patience and destroying my record 🤨
Obviously Drogba will be better in game, but his stats are similar to Klose, which is scary. Im not saying to take…
-7 on weekend league.
Thanks . I can see why Arsenal passed on Zaha now
Them ICON Swaps is one of the snakiest promotions EA have done. If people fall for that then they’re silly. Just…
ICON SWAP OKOCHA REVIEW | IS HE WORTH IT? CLICK THE LINK …
who got and tryna get on a pro clubs team on ps4?
EA needs to work on their freaking servers. The game disconnected as i chose my level …
Weekend league is back!!!
Here we go again!!! ️
This game is fucking rigged man
Every Sunday we'll be hosting a free to enter $100 Tournament! FREE ENTRY $100 Prize Pool JOIN NOW:…
I scored the greatest goal in with dribbling players then passed the goalkeeper and scored t…
Good team to do a career mode with
Million Transfer Profit! At some point today I hit mil and didn't even realise I'm not the best trader but…
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY - HOW WE BEAT DEPTH DROPBACK!!! - UL... via
Looked over the objectives for Swap players and I was surprised to find that they're not too bad. Definitely manage…
making dreams come true!
GOING LIVE AT :30pm • Currently -0 on the WL... can we stay unbeaten?? • We found a formation that works for us…
Football: part of five-nation working group on feasibility of joint Asean World Cup bid 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Please check out my latest video! Opening Packs and attempting my first draft of …
The first batch of ICON Swaps is now available in ! More details:
Finally something to get me playing , when you have objectives the game gets boring fast, I’m glad icon swaps have been added
Squad is starting to look decent
team for slightly upgraded. going to test two new formations, wide and .
Derek Rae’s pronunciation of “Laporte” as “La Pot” is fucking infuriating me.
Starting from Scratch
Why does my bar keep glitching back down I should be near level now ?? …
Go and watch my latest episode my FIFA Road to Glory! A very decent episode in terms of…
The scripting in is beyond ridiculous, I'm having games with shots on target no goals, And losi…
Thanks to those who joined the stream today, decent pack pulls and FINALLY Icon objectives. Can't wait for tomorrow…
Love making teams like this rage quit within mins, -2 atm bossing it
Icons Swaps seem good but some of the challenges like winning rivals games or whatever with first owned players…
I get nervous for my pad the moment I play somebody online
GÜNOK 🇹🇷 MOTM with saves &amp; clean sheet in Turkey - Iceland 🇮🇸 (1-0)
Unpopular opinion: this is the worst Fifa ever. The amount of heavy touches by players who got a dribbling stat abo…
Hope that everyone made some good coins today off of my trading methods if you havent seen my tips or trading metho…
BREAKING: Trump impeachment to be finalized as the House of Representatives makes a shocking discovery about…
Who would you pick?
WE ARE LIVE FOR THE RD TIME!! More Grinding and discussion...who should we grind for?…
Penalty kicks in is traaaaash bring back kicks
After Joao Felix got subbed off decided to reinvest in order to sell before Monday's game against Ukraine. Sold him…
LIVE NOW ️ FUT CHAMPS FRIDAY &amp; ICON SWAP TALK ️
WE LIVE !! Can we Beat w ?? on RTG ?? i hope soo LEEEGO…
Road to regionals!
I can't decide which one of these to go for.
Let's go for another year
How do I get these icon points things? xbox
Cleaning 🆙 job tonight
When you see it
player pack
This game is so f***ing broken that makes it worse than Fifa ... In there was so much broken mechanics but at…
Check out EP right now for the Ajax Career Mode!
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
How do u tell how many games u have left in fut champs?
coins later
played games of squad battles and rivals and I’m out definitely broke my finger.
The best duo on fifa pro clubs tearing it up again drop by guys ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ …
Only Player from tonight's games has a good chance of getting into and that is Malinovskyi who scored go…
Have you tried POTM Aubameyang? Let us know what you think!
Bad start to the weekend league but now we are -5 after playing this guy and winning let's go man! …
No loss glitch on fut champs. Well played ea. Well played
Thinking of making major changes and blowing up the squad and going for an EPL hybrid team. Thoughts?!? Current squ…
Not Bad Night In ICC Tournament We Play Vs Good Teams in VFL -Looking Forward For Start Season󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Icon Swaps! Who to get?!? 🤔 -
Few FUT Champs matches Few Pack LOADS OF LAUGHS Come hang out for the evening.
Some survival tips from the man himself Bear Grylls ️
Also, thank you so much for followers on twitch! After starting my channel up around months ago, I didn't t…
Lost in a row in fut champs. Fucking shit. Getting done by skill moves over and over again. I cant score at all o…
witch one
Cost me a fortune 🤮🤮🤮🤮
Some real gems in here
The delay in weekend league what an absolute load of shite!
If you like then you’re a cultist!
It took less than I imagined, thanks
Selling mill coins ps4
FIFA Points Giveaway! Retweet Follow Me Turn Notifications On Winnner tomorrow morning!!! …
fifa why matches??? Bug?
No excuses
When loses his unbeaten record against mates on
New video! ICON SWAPS REQUIREMENTS! HOW TO GET A FREE ICON! ULTIMATE TEAM via
So i have just tweeted about one of my favourite trading methods i thought i would show you the cards that have so…
Had no idea Oscar Pareja was in So cool!
You guys set header objectives when you’ve nerfed them completely? GG’s
Hey fans, We are sorry we eerienced some lag in the , but we have discovered that our content…
Need I say more......
Taking the piss here... I feel actually targeted. Don’t even know why I play this game now
Man pay to win is OP this year a tough RTG for me this year
Never met a guy who admits he’s shit at Fifa
Created Deleting in FIFA after Updates 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How’s everyone doing in Fut Champs? I’m currently -1, with this team.
Currently -11 :/ dc today, penalty shoot outs - I think i had enough
-1 for this week, not playing anymore games this weekend as im too busy. Hopefully Gold OP. Neymar is also a jo…
My first pick will be Ballack and then if I carry on collecting Schmeichel to partner up with him! Let get it! 🇩🇪🇩🇰…
We live playing some …
needs an update real quick
Try to choose one that lasts all the fifa or at least % of the game in your squad, because do all that shit to us…
Anyone doing or did auba??
Today's free trading tip. Lewis Dunk IF. rated in Premier league, buy for no more than ,250. Don't go mental…
Me with the sniping filter I've found
ICONS SWAPS °° °° …
or table tennis cos I don’t understand the ease of goals in this game ... some fucked up shit you know!
There’s only so much you can take when it comes to . Yes, it plays the best it has played in years and I don…
Icon Swaps
A or B cost both around k.
Selling Million fut coins for €200 / for Xbox One If you want to buy less we can discuss the price! DM ME IF…
Noob Custom Tactics and my team preview &lt;3 &lt;3
How many icon tokens are there all together? Do we know?
Anyone fancy making me a team?
The refs in is biased cos I don’t understand anytime Matuidi makes a slide tackle it’s a red but Rabiot can…
I'm going for Zanetti.
Rivals playing nicely until those wanky icon swaps pointless shit came out. Now the DDA renders the game unplayable…
What do we all think about Icon Swaps? 🤔 I don't like them forcing you to win rival games with first owner players…
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
Thoughts on icon swaps
What's the goalie doing !!!!!!!!!!
Always list your team overpriced 🤑 +43k after tax
Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro plays …
So Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang won Premier League award.. and for some reason his upgraded card goes from fi…
What do you guys think about icon swaps? We’re earning cards worth up to million through gameplay for free. I t…
This years "ah sh*t not these guys again"... …
EA raising the Silver Market, now where have we seen that before? 🤔 League SBC’s soon? 🤷‍️🤷‍️ They were quic…
Check out the new Team of the Week for available now. And get ready for the new “Icon” cards coming out to…
And I’ll see you guys bright and early to elain why we need those players! am KO, bit of Champs and a bit of Ob…
Besides me, who else is using this filter? Result for minutes: - x Dembele k, k sold both for k - x Umti…
Finally Icon-Swaps
ICON SWAPS BRILLIANT
The winner of this very limited FIFA Wolves edition is... 🥁 Please contact us via a DM for furt…
Newport County career mode RTG is out now! Check it out and leave a like, comment and subscribe!
This icon swaps grind is going to be long and boring lol but I will defo do it
Really don't understand this game. How a team that's worth almost triple what your previous team was, can play infi…
Icon Swaps | Best Options We tried to make the best valuable options for you: tok: Crespo with Kluivert. tok:…
RIP if you invested in torreiras
Aubameyang SBC is now live in !
Great trading method made over k in a couple of minutes How to do it: Step - put silver quality /pos RM / nat sp…
Start Bronze or Silver first owner players from the Premier League, Bundesliga, Serie A, La Liga and Ligue then…
True Story ️
Icon swaps is trash. Grind months to get a baby Drogba. If I grind months fully, I'll easily get Mid Ronaldinho.
icon swaps
m ps4 coins for sale, offers.. time wasters/scammers don't bother.
ICYMI: I uploaded episode of my FIFA Road to Glory! Go and watch it to see what card…
you cant hate me as much as i hate myself right now. yikes, rip coins.
Not even a month after its release, became a huge success for surpassing million players.
PAY TO WIN FUT CHAMPS PREVIEW via
Come chill in the stream show some love thanks !!
THE GRIND STARTS NOW! LOL IM SO SWEATYYYYYY
Occasionally I get one right
John and Adam from our Championship Team have been in practising before the group stage next week! Thanks…
Joh but Liverpool can’t be beat in
Just saw the new objectives for the Icons. Guess I’ll be taking the untradeable packs this week. Need me some first owned players
Weekend League in five minutes
MAN I accidentally bought him for k And I sold him for k even though he's selling like k …
Everyone on looking at these right now like...
only me that think the fifa icon swaps or icon swap is terrible ? free icons no either coins or money wasted on…
Stevey G, Wrighty, Pirlo Gawd im thinkin. Drogba would be choice but dunno if i got the grind i me for tokens…
Icons are lovely atm! All those plus more were bought and sold within the past hours
Fully out on Icon Swaps
WE ARE LIVE! - Currently -1 in FutChamps - Building spicey teams for icon swap
oh yeah i had THE BEST idea earlier! player and player AR glasses for taking penalties and free k…
So Fifa20 has RUNIED MY FUCKING DAY just cant buy a win
Here is the breakdown of what you must accomplish to get the first batch of icon swaps. It is broken down in gro…
Generally I’m a big fan of , some of the icons are poorly priced however the ones I’m interested in I’m h…
FIFA Road to glory! The FUT Champions rewards video is here! we got OTW in a row!? Don't forget if you would…
ICON SWAPS!!!! Lets Go is doing good guys
Ffs it’s one thing after another with EA. Just go into a game and concede a goal, opponent instantly discon…
Regarding my last tweet, is broke. Passing is dodgy, the scripting is insane and the gameplay is so slow!!
Dont panic sell, most players rebounded after yesterday's market crash. Everyone will rebound and rise it will just…
What I *LOVE* about Icon Swaps is that they’ve made tokens available, but the highest prize only costs . EA h…
I have come to the point I don’t blame EA for not caring about the FIFA community.. most of the people are a plague…
This why they arnt releasing league sbc so we have to spend money on packs to get first owners
Playing some
We meet again Fut Champs
Do I take Gerrard or Nesta + Rivaldo/Ballack?
-4 🥺 All on a Friday Team fought well ️ Beat some good players and lost to bots All to play for tomorrow 🇷🇴…
Is that giggs card useable. Cba to grind
took the top spot for the month of September on the UK physical sales charts, despite a decline in sales co…
Have to say, I love the structure of Icon Swaps. Plenty of grind to be done!
Icon swaps what is the best deal guys?
Fut Millionaire is getting a little bit reworked, because we are already a few weeks into the game and chemistry st…
Love your game. All these people talking about it being broken are clearly exaggerating …
Between and England coverage, I feel like Lee Din is a member of my extended family at this point.
Easy Fut Champions Dub
Speed kills.
Announce
tokens is my target! Ian Wright Wright Wright
Besides the poor timing of the event, I think EA essentially nailed . Just wish that fit champions was…
Going to start playing rivals and WL, I need good formation boys. One formation I was told is w/ fbs making ov…
I like what is doing with Icon Swap, I know I will be able to finally get one on my team before the s…
I think I'm going to go for Rio &amp; Pep, who are you guys thinking about getting?
I see everyone slagging EA off about being late with Icon swaps, saying how bad the company is. Then as soon as ico…
Gonna have to pick untradeable packs every week and bash player packs for the icon swaps. Don’t know why people a…
ok! im selling every defender i have ! Packed the GOAT !!!
The first batch of ICON Swaps is up for grabs! | |
I’ve came to the conclusion that is the worst out of the last few. It’s extraordinary how broken the game is.
Okay now I will start doing swaps for best legend ever ️️
*Update* : Swaps available - Full Tracker The first Icon Swaps are available.
Think this man is on to something...Albert Einstein ️
I am live on YouTube! Come and watch as I flip icons and trade live!
can someone elain icon swap last time played fifa was fifa
If you're a casual, it's a free low tier icon which is usable. If you play this game all the time, you're getting…
Wise words from Bruce Lee ️
who do you think guys is the best icon I get for my RTG? IMO, Ferdinand or Drogba Tell me your thoughts 🤔
Like if this happened to you in FUT Champs
LIVE : Instagram : …
ICON swap objectives are live... Not a huge fan of the first owner objectives but it certainly gives people somethi…
Evening everyone going live over on Twitch with FIFA , so come and chill out on stream and watch as I most likely…
Feel like I'm playing FUTChamps watching england play like this England got that delay YKNOW!!!
For the League Objectives, you only have to start Players from that league who are first owner and you can sub …
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: Greggo's live with some weekend…
Overall, I think Icon Swaps will be generally very well received from the majority of the community. A much needed win for EA here!
Well, looks like imma have to relegate myself in rivals to try those icon swap objectives!
BRING BACK ICON SBC'S
I'm about to get in div and now I'm forced to get relegated to -5 to complete the Icon Swaps obejectives
So ICON Swaps are finally here. Pleased to know that all the tokens will be available through objectives. Who are y…
Which icon are you going for?
Earning the tokens in rivals will be hard, yes. Buuuut isn’t that the point? EA deserves a lot of criticism for thi…
ICON SWAPS REQUIREMENTS! HOW TO GET A FREE ICON! ULTIMATE TEAM via
Is it me or the gameplay of the fut champions this week sucks? It is so fuckin’ slow and annoying, i can’t literral…
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ZOOM DET…
About to go live over Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to…
GGs to the new icon swaps looks amazing
When people say “just relegate yourself to lower divisions” they don’t consider the impact that has on people in th…
Netflix , FIFA tourney, dolphin protest: How F1 drivers will spend their day off 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I thought we packed another one!!!!! SORRY NOT SORRY FOR YOUR EARS....LOL
To all girls who have lost their boyfriends to Fifa If I hear “it’s lagging!” Or “pass it!” Or “shoot!!” Think…
so you tell me if I don't sleep tonight and play , I can have this beauty in my tomorrow's RTG?
Fuck this game
LIVE NOW! with some Pro Clubs on with the lads, Come revel in how shite we are!
The worse thing now is gonna be good players relegating themselves. Means I have to just lie down, bite a towel and…
What are you grinding for in Icon Swaps? Im still wondering...
Holy shit this is amazing NO OVER PRICED SBC!!! GG Nice promo
I definetley want Ferdinand for icon swaps
Division /5 going to be so so sweaty. Lot of people are gonna relegate themselves to get these Icon Swaps easily.
Had a good stream today despite being sick! Thank you so much to and for dropping by…
NEW TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!! …
LIVE GUYS! WEEKEND LEAGUE TIME!!!
Just looking at my potential first owner teams and the only usable league for me is the prem I'm gonna need some…
Credit to , taken a lot of criticism, but they've got the icon swaps objectives absolutely right. I a…
I cannot believe the state of the server I just played a FUT Champions game on, I literally couldnt do anything and…
Winnnerrrrrr
icon swaps are out
I swear this game is better than FIFA...
These objectives are dumb who can actually do all these objectives without spending money cos ik i cant...... tired…
Companion app player upgrade packs &gt; any other pack going
so the total amount of Tokens I can win is via season objectives atm. There is no deadline so I assume you have…
Icon swaps I LIKE!!!
Icon Swaps is a huge W. Awesome stuff
No Atsu. No Party. . I was promised Atsu.
icon swaps % of the objectives require first owner cards! So you need to open packs! Don't fall for this…
Double tap if your loving thes objectives
Pukki now becomes a viable sbc 🤷‍️🤷‍️ all in all pretty impressed with the requirements and quantities. First o…
Thank you EA for making Icon swaps so hard for the people who aren't good enough to beat world class on SB and all…
Going through all the new FUT Icon Swaps stuff now on stream
community is actually trash, Icon Swap promo looks very decent and objectives aren't that hard but yhe lets…
Imagine playing Fifa every year spending £50-£80 every year and they cant even get the basic mechanics right, this…
I'll be honest it's not as bad as I thought it would be
Returning to Twitch with some co-op with Yes we're awesome...
The grind for Rio Ferdinand begins
Watching England Game Will Be Live After ️ FUT Champs &amp; Ultimate Team! /100 Subs! …
The first batch of ICON Swaps is up for grabs! ⃣ Collect ICON Swap Tokens via Objectives ⃣ Redeem your tokens fo…
It's time to bust the myths! This is for those struggling with unresponsive gameplay! …
Who’s everhone picking in icon swaps ??
SCORE UPDATE M. Almerion Bags another hatrick against the foxes! Top goalscorer with goals in games! Newcas…
My issue with today? Shooting from v1s. /10 the shot goes straight at the keeper who are also incredibly…
Icon swaps? Nah, I can trade to those icons faster then doing these idiotic objectives lmao
Does anyone know if it's possible to cross play fifa between pc and Xbox
Icon swaps are FINALLY out!
First icon swap here !
Gold-Up
Icon swaps is going to be a grind and i welcome it
Here are your FUTSWAP ICON objectives
I was wrong there are batches which means I gotta wait till December to get Drogba. Smh
FIFA - ICON Swaps are now live! ️⃣ Collect ICON Swap Tokens via SBCs and Objectives ⃣ Redeem your tokens for…
going live :30 pm . The Grind begins - Weekend League - Pro clubs ? - Last man spinn…
ICON Swaps is a big L for me. first owned players needed for a variety of different leagues, some leagues people…
Icon swaps are here
So its gone from Ultimate team to use loads of shit that want you to use well don you real gone fuc…
squad battles wins needed
Here are the requirements for the first Icon Swap cards!
Still don’t know what caused this card to jump today...don’t care either lol or so of these …
These Icon Swaps will be hard ffs...
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) FUT CHAMPS Episode Access to your prefer…
Icon Swaps is out!!! This looks insane, and really grindable!! HYPE!!!!!
Live and its day /7 . Come watch him play then after!!! At
Finally EA with Icon Swaps. Now fix all the other issues you have going in
Icon swaps are out now fellas.
icon swaps is live!!!!!
Who bought ziyech from earliers tweet because you have made a bomb mine are all selling now what profit pick up abo…
New video lads …
‼️ ICON SWAPS ARE OUT ‼️
From the looks of it, it seems we can grind at our own pace as I initially wanted. Worth the wait
Icon Swaps are out.
Icon swaps finally out
Icon Swaps are live!!! Who you going for!?
Salah min price tomorrow at pm uk time . Instagram
Anyone who plays online, drop your PSN ID or add me
Drogba is the Main Icon! he requires Tokens!
OK so ICON Swaps is now out with Schmeichel the cheapest just needing swaps. Drogba needs .
Icon swaps LIVE
Can't wait for and next rant about abuse from the community
New Career Mode series Premiering now! Jump in le chat and laugh with me hopefully the jumps in too …
Playing our weekend league games, getting our highest ever record. Also there is a FIFA point giveaway happ…
While we are waiting for ICONSWAPS to be released,here is some fun gameplay from today's WL eerience! …
NEW VIDEO!! Vote for your August goal of the month in the comments
I have uploaded the third episode of my FIFA Road to Glory! We make a lot of coins &amp; op…
Manchester United players are down at discard price they look like there a shooin for these are so…
I'm LIVE... It's FUT Champs time... currently -3
straight W’s in
I shoulda probably done the foundations objectives sooner. Cant find anyone in mystery ball game mode.
time for fifa rage …
Started a game and got dc in mins :
My typical nights: More FIFA, less Sleep
FUT CHAMPIONS ON!I'm LIVE with FIFA20.We aim Elite .LET'S GO ! Don't forget to follow my…
Just got some secret information. Allegedly there are no issues with Icon swaps! There are also more objectives jus…
looks like Czech Republic have already done one of their silver objectives
Live on playing some on this wonderful Friday make sure to tune in
Time for a break to watch England. After a weird first game I'm currently -1 on FUT Champs, a lot better start tha…
Hey why did you guys decide not to have a kit section for kits of ?
Tutorial on the new Fitness glitch on
-4 to end the Friday of my first cut champs, pretty buzzed with that!
Without a doubt my best ever fifa game of all time. At the minute I was down -1 and had men. At th minute…
How do you complete the new Aubameyang POTM? Don't.
Seriously?! FUT crap breaks down, its got a fix on the way within hours. Career mode, "ahh let's not even bother wi…
And stream LIVE ALERT Let’s hope this Promo is one to remember🤙 Subscribe Like Share …
How to complete the New Aubameyang POTM SBC! -
Enjoyed the stream today to some extent! I've never eerienced ridiculously bad delay on until today &amp; m…
My first team to be named for Thursday's th is manchester United vs liverpool fc It looks like…
Is scripted
Fair play is unplayable, shit!
Gonna play some Drafts as I don't want to play WL, If I profit a lot from it I may do this Auba... Please stop me…
I’m not one for blowing my own trumpet usually, but ladies and gentleman. We made it. Corey is in the mud.…
blyatiful!
We've planned out our tournaments for the next couple of months and we have some cracking ones coming up. Get invol…
I thought fifa19 was bad but this is even worse! Players don’t respond to what you tell them to do, players…
Someone make me a k team on fifa please
I think that what’s so frustrating about is that the Ultimate Team concept is such a brilliant idea, but it…
WE ARE LIVE! WE HAVE DONE IT! Fingers crossed that the Internet will not cut out anymore! Other than that... LET'S…
Live and ready to Jive!
Good news... going live again in mins (8pm UK time) for more FUT Champs (currently -3) and Icon Swaps when/if w…
WL time
Why do I want to do Auba?
Loan players should not be allowed on champs
Decided to have a go at some FUT champs currently -4 and won’t be playing anymore worst FIFA in history defenders…
st Games in WL: -3 With a ,5 Million Squad
Decided to enter FUT champs to get good rival points. -4 I of my losses was a DC and another I was -0 up at HT…
First Walkout of Fifa20! Couldn’t ask for a better player 🤪
while you’re at it
Live now trialing for .
Does anyone actually like
Selling k fut coins for € / for Ps4. If you want to buy less we can discuss the price! DM ME IF YOU WANT…
So icon swaps was fun wasn't it
Not sure why everyone is so angry about Silver player objectives. We have been asking to be able to use silvers f…
Selling £25 Xbox gift card for £15 Meant to buy playstation and amazon don’t do refunds on digital orders. PayPal Only
years on, Fortnite pushing the boundaries with a crazy new update coming. weeks on, and its all falli…
Cillessen k profit per card Hazard k profit per card Bona per card disappointed but still not a loss Ka…
The guys I’ll be grinding for!
guys any news on swap icons
Completing a bunch of SBCs for another pack opening on Sunday Gonna be back to back pack opening episodes on the RTG looks like
Are there + rated players in FIFA Volta?...
*IF YOU HAVE FIFA ON PS4 FEEL FREE TO DROP A FOLLOW AND JOIN THE TEAM!*
Just went live! …
FIFA [7.5/10] Review …
I scored a Header in
Icon swaps
at it's best
only cashed $30 (to get captain silva) at start. going untradeables. addictiveness rating: /10, enjoyment rating: /10
EA devs two weeks ago after all the positive feedback compared to now
Left: community Right : pretending to listen
Hi everyone, I am now LIVE!! Plan for the stream includes: Icon Trading OTW Trading Trading tips for all budg…
West Ham launches eSports partnership with Bundled 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Absolutely gutted I bought PEA for k today for WL. Enjoying my birthday, decide to look at twitter, panic. Look…
This is all people are asking for more communication and clarity!
updated spanish team alcacer with four goals in a match. overpowered.
Seen as we are all hanging around waiting on Icon swaps... Who wants a few free packs? x DLC Pack Code…
EA did it again!
Buzzing I downloaded the trial. To leave it on as I pottered about the house and now have mins remainin…
All Marquee Matchups Solutions! Cost: k Rewards: Jumbo Premium Silver Pack, Gold Pack, Small Rare Gold Players Pa…
Time to go live! Pro Clubs For VFL Liverpool
Any way I could make this team near full chem??
The collection keeps on growing . to the gameeeeeeee!!!!
First day of FIFA FUT champs done. -2, can’t understand complaints to be honest - really enjoying it. Rashford and Gnabry 🥵
come join my on
Fuck
Good to see they are communicating.
Icon swaps wont be out untill monday now its the weekend and nobody at ea works weekends the time most people who p…
HOW TO COMPLETE POTM AUBAMEYANG SBC! *CHEAPEST METHOD* | ULTIMATE TEAM
FIFA : How to Complete All Season Week Objectives - Twinfinite
How proper shite is fifa20? Can I have my money back please?
Currently W and L in ... getting very mad at the game
Icon Swaps?
This delay on fire champions is so fucking trash
Updare: enjoying day of my Weekend away with wife to be, next episode of my fifa career mode will be up on Mon…
No Gold LB / RB cards in CSL 🇨🇳 Silvers worth a stash (under coins) Hoping this guy either comes with a C…
New Season Objectives are trash! Its hard enough playing this unresponsive mode of Rivals with a good team, now you…
The grind begins soon!
Keeper doesn’t move for a slow low header
I have Messi and reus playing st and Cam which plays where?
Of course the Auba POTM SBC would have high rated SBCs, good thing i sold these for k in the hype …
These are getting panic sold atm, if you have a ton of coins you might as well snipe one for each of them for und…
Wednesday-Friday flips! Flipped a lot cards this week, probably -280, but had to take a couple of Ls.…
Team feels so good
We stay up day and night just to see some new content get released in Fifa . Icon swaps was the one thing I was v…
And we are live for our first ever stream on streaming weekend league. ALSO, come in the chat.…
Another absolute mare from EA Sports. has been an absolute calamity
almost there on the RTG acc. Just won in a row and gameplay was decent
HOW TO COMPLETE POTM AUBAMEYANG SBC! *CHEAPEST METHOD* | ULTIMATE TEAM
Another f in the chat
Sup People!Will be going Live on at pm UK. Come tune in, chat, banter, lurk,chill and grab…
Pepe and Jesus in the same pack!! 🤣
First WL of FIFA ! Let’s get it
m squad with FC Semedo
𝗙𝗶𝘅𝘁𝘂𝗿𝗲 𝗙𝗼𝗿 𝗧𝗼𝗻𝗶𝗴𝗵𝘁’𝘀 𝗚𝗮𝗺𝗲𝘀 𝗶𝗻 𝗧𝗵𝗲 𝗜𝗖𝗖 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ️
the icon swap tokens are being shown on futhead now, there are total of tokens, i’ll probably go pick up -4 eas…
I am disgusted by the rivals connection and delay.
Unlucky lad.
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm us n…
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm u…
FUT &amp; PRO CLUBS FUN! FIFA FRIDAY!! Bit of cheeky then hopping over to ! Get in and say hi!
Another easy flip Got him last night too with them Piques
Cheap Volta Football SBC Solution! Cost: k Reward: Mega Pack
How do some blokes have kids but can’t even get chemistry on their ultimate teams. Sort your fifa out then your kid. Priorities.
Best chem stlyle for Wesley TOTW?
The guy at EA in charge of releasing Icon swaps...
Just got this, didn't know CL cards were out yet
The End is already in can't wait for another meme!!!
󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿𝗢𝗳𝗳𝗶𝗰𝗶𝗮𝗹 𝗦𝗾𝘂𝗮𝗱 𝗙𝗼𝗿 𝗦𝗲𝗮𝘀𝗼𝗻 ( ) 𝗩𝗙𝗟 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA - LIVE FUTCHAMPIONS! live at
when EA had months in advance to release at PM and they fuck it up Me Right Now
It’s after pm. I have no self control. You know what that means.
FIFA : How to Complete PL POTM Aubameyang SBC - Twinfinite
[ENG] G Champs w/ Neymar, Messi &amp; MBappe! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials…
It has been scientifically proven that if you score sweaty goals on Fifa you will contract Cancer at some point thr…
Good Evening All live with some for some action PS4 Fifa Pro Clubs action Please excuse any la…
my boi Arthur got skills
My Fuckinnnn Monster
-1 After day of FUT Champs be back streaming my games tomorrow at... …
My route to Aubameyang SBC My investments worked, and didnt have to buy a single player had everything in club …
is like Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Man Utd, seemed promising at first but now it makes me want to rip the hair off my scalp.
At this rate, we’ll be getting the scream promo during Christmas.
Icons Swaps
Best FIFA songs
Tomorrow we face on ! KO pm! Admissions| £5 Adults, £3 Concessions, £3 s…
Just vote for him
They rated my attack and and defense then dropped my star from to . I’m so disgusted 🤮
Game play on fifa is trash ! The delay in game is a joke think the game is done now lool
Finally bought FIFA yesterday. Completed the Hybrid Leagues "First XI" SBC and from the Rare players pack I packed…
Brought Gnabry for and can see him sell for minimum as an easy game for Germany 🇩🇪 on Sunday against Es…
Bit nervous going into my first WL of with a (4) tactic seems like the mighty formation from FIFA is…
Guys You know this aint UCL right? You don’t have to wait until football’s on to release it all. 🤷‍️
There or swap cards for icons in concept lol by the time you achieve the baby icon he’ll be surpassed 🤣
Some of the dumbest funny stuff we’ve had on clubs this year in succession!
Imagine playing a game of and not being booted off half way through nd while winning and it counting as a loss
Paredes: try to get him for coins!
Honestly how much can you fuck up the first weeks of a game You can't even release a thing you teased …
Why you even announce stuff ahead if always mess up? Digging yourself hole with people coming on minute waiting f…
Last thing EA got right was Future Stars
The entire start to summed up by Roy Hodgson in this interview.
Game - RB Salzburg -5 Rangers - a very tough game against someone who had a very similar style to me, having …
Who is better Canales or Fekir on
What’s worse... Prime Icon Moments Scandal in FIFA or Icon Swaps?!?
EA Sports It's the "everythime technical problems" game ! …
Fifa taking points off my in the corner, checking objectives click off lose k …
I think we need this card right??
Hidden Gem! , Spain -&gt;85 Positions-RM, RW Age-18
just packed untradeable icardi
At this point I’m not upset, I’m just disappointed
FIFA - Pro Clubs: Drop-In via
* say they're releasing Icon swaps at pm* pm content got released- No Icon Swap. Everyone in th…
FIFA Community Mangers when the Game has fucked up again
Does anyone know how to find out how many games I’ve played in Fut Champs this weekend???
Low on memes? Not brushed up your meme game in a while? Don't worry, become a fan!!!
Join and get involved with a baby streamer hoping to upgrade to middle, too soon to make IC…
Fucking criminal how you lot make so much money a year selling such a bang average game
Ultimate team gameplay is so different to online club's, I didn't think could get any worse. by far the worst of all time.
Im so glad Im also a part of the Football Manager community during times like this. Its always a good place to head…
No idea why anyone would want to play weekend league. Pretty much unplayable. Lost all because input delay. Playe…
Low on memes? Not brushed up your meme game in a while? Don't worry, become a fan!
When you actually think about it is just Fifa but with a fucking Golden GOAT Tifo... Ridiculous.
Fifa is the worst start to a fifa ever. Gameplay is awful, no content, icon swaps broken, ucl cards broken. Comical how bad is
Aubameyang is the for September! His Sbc is super eensive …
"IcOn SwApS On FrIdAy" yeah no bother
Iis that time again playing some games with my new acquisition George Best opening some packs an…
All jokes aside, have you ever eerienced a worse launch of a game ever? Multiple mistakes, fuck-ups and horrible…
Communicado official. We will not be giving any refunds out.
Congrats to everyone who invested in Rakitic or müller
Gonna be streaming my weekend league gameplay soon
Do not do potm auba, k fraud fc in full effect
Everytime I play Fifa20 after WEEKS of owning and still seeing career mode completely broken
LIVE IN MINUTES! WL with Messi, Mbappe and Neymar!
What is the point in tryna pass on FIFA when the game decides where your passing even though it's not even same dir…
Looking at the Tokens if they require wins in rivals or something like that with players from those nations. I see…
Spent almost all of my coins on his SBC, hope he worths it!
🤣🤣🤣🤣 going to start taking bets on them not releasing content when they should....
WELCOME MOHAMMED SALAH 🧔
*NEW* : Maintenance - Status Server Ultimate Team | Live Update Technical issue with Swaps
until the pros and the youtubers like nepenthez, bateson, and nick28t, etc. Start boycotting th…
Do people really eect any differently from EA anymore, I want so much more from the game, but as consumers/game c…
People with shit squads on rivals or fut champs going into the next game after a loss
Their st icon promo of the year, weeks into the game and this time they fucked up before they even launched it…
Why does already feel like its the end of the game?
Its in the Game.
FUT champs gameplay rn is fuckin awful
How many fucking times can game fuck up in the first month? this game is a fucking joke and so are the members of…
Man so glad i worked overtime to earn the cash to buy k fifa points and the utilmate edition of for this…
fair play on them saying its a mistake, they could've just said they where scheduled for /8pm to get away with it…
Streaming some FUT Champs on Mixer
days to complete x s and x2 s for a card that can be used all season 🤔
So rather than just announce there is a problem at the time they were supposed to drop (6pm) they mess abo…
Could the Release of be up there with the catastrophic launch of battlefield . Both EA games
Of The Most Overpowered Players In FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Game is out for weeks and they already had issues. Cheers.
All we ask for. Thank you. Communication is key.
I'm back after a long break from social media due to life stressful events .. So now thinking about playing streami…
At the moment the different between POTM Auba and normal Auba is k and +35 stats Absolute Stinker, save yourself…
Is there genuinely a worst company in the world than these bunch of knobs?
FIFA fully in the mud
What’s Rashford like on this fifa?
is single handedly the worst game I’ve ever bought. So many bugs, glitches, poor content, promotions and…
If You Don't Watch and Use His Methods/Adapt Them To Suit Your Own Methods, You're Missing Out! Cashed Ou…
Who else is not surprised???
"Cost: lungs, limbs and k FIFA points" Fans are not happy about Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's Playe…
Let’s gooooo!!!
It's a public holiday in Bolivia lads. Sorry but no icon swaps today. Please check back tomorrow …
LIVE Trying To Snipe And Maybe Some Games
Who’s doing then? Worth the price tag? Only inform required they are he’ll bent on sweating people…
Confirmation: That a New Feature in which "The game will track the goal-scoring records" throughout seasons in…
’ for Icon Swaps
k isn’t too bad for that Auba. 🤷‍️
Icon swaps are the one still 🤣🤣
So there doing everything to kill the game. Almost no content, FIFA is at around -30k viewers on Twitch not ev…
Rest In Peace, Icon Swaps th October -11th October .
Aubameyang SBC is a disgrace to fifa players
I believe Icon Swaps was indeed scheduled for pm as EA France released their tweet at that time Even if th…
EA remind me of Daniel Levy. They’re so alike it’s crazy! They both know what the fans want and both have the funds…
Game - LASK Linz -0 Preston North End - winning -0 at half time and the guy quit! - -5-3 - …
are dead long live
Here's Of The Most Overpowered Players In FIFA -
Good luck to everyone who hasn’t spent loads on the game. This SBC is a damn joke how eensive it is…
When say they're releasing Icon swaps and lie to us all false advertisement
icon swaps r so cool
Where is icon swaps ? Ea forgetting their own promos just like forgetting how to make a good game …
Where is the communication now? Give your customers an update at least after something went clearly wrong!…
Post your team below ... So I can see what you’re working with.
Last FIFA for me, I’ll see out the rest of the year and then that’s me done. With the way this games trajectory has…
Statement - If you do not see the ICON swaps promotion then that is because you do not own enough first owner players in your clubs.
All icons are tokens? C'mon Just release it...
best fifa ever motherfuckers
Add me to group chats
Incompetent, frauds, what else are you ? We consumers do pay money &amp;&amp; spend time at this game, do u…
If you want Aubameyang, just buy in the panic today! We love a good panic sell
FIFA tops million players 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Over clubs in Div and over in Div , yet we still can’t find a match for over minutes on a Friday even…
Sick promo icon swaps.
Things you love to see 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
We may not be able to rely on for but we can rely on them to out do there own fuck up every time!!
After a turbulent week for this is the perfect way to just put some more gasoline on that fire. GG EA.
The amount of money I spend on fifa you’d think they’d give me something fucking decent once in a while
People get mad at but we are the suckers who buy this game every year.
Hidden Gem! Francisco Montero (L), Spain -&gt;85 Position-CB Age-20
Hard decision... Seems like tokens for ICON Swap. So an rated ICON is valued in the same way as a ICON…
Hey Fans, We have decided that the cost of some are above the threshold that we aim for an Icon…
Good luck stopping these lads
Love the fact that community never learns. you eected content
Icon swaps
Icon swaps has left the chat
FUT Champs returns tonight guys! Whos ready for the rage? Come and hang out Everyone is welcome to join i…
No Icon Swaps then? but it's okay promo packs have landed!
Stop scamming people and just do what you say for once company and the game is a shambles needs to be demolished
Shocker nowhere to be seen FRAUDS
Icon Swaps in concepts
The tactics of the pro's! 🤩 What rank are you aiming for this weekend? 🧐 Will you set up your tactics differently f…
EA Sports after saying they’re gonna release icon swaps at pm:
Best Chem Style you can apply is Hawk imo. So both have pace. Both have the same PHY STATS. All you get is +2 fi…
This showing up for anyone else but your not able to see it in the objectives
Buy PSG Gold players for coins,snipe them and just wait for MM or normal MM.
Just me that thinks fifa gameplay has changed like most of my games for past couple of days have been -4, -3 i…
Don’t know where icon swaps are but k-475k for basically an inform Aubameyang is good value imo. Especially if y…
Yep. Nice.
Hey fans, We apologize for the delay in the , but our community managers and development team a…
Now I remember why I don't play weekend league...
A millionaire company run by monkeys, makes no sense man.
This is as good as you’re going to do for the Aubameyang SBC
ICON SWAPS UPDATE Released :00 GMT th October
What the fuck sort ur shit out
In other news anyone got any of the seasonal players yet zaha ascensio or tolliso?
Also, ICON SWAPS? Who are you aiming to get?
icon swaps maybe?
Enough is enough. I'm pre-ordering Call of Duty
When Icon Swaps “came out”
I thought icon swaps was supposed to start today?
Lowkey bout to punch a hole in my wall and fuck it if ea don’t bring out icon swaps in the next millisecond
Absolute state of EA Sports. Have to be one of the worst companies in existence, honestly. Fifa is a farce this year.
Privileged to meet the VOICE OF FOOTBALL in MARTIN TYLER today at QPR U23 vs Charlton U23 ️ ! All the best for the…
That’s why you buy KDB
I didn't realise I could see into the future!
If you are having trouble viewing the week objectives you need to back out &amp; log back in. Happened to me. They are there.
That SBC that's a very big NOPE from me
games into WL and it’s exactly the same as last year. Fully momentum controlled horse shit. Dunno why I bothered picking it up.
So the Auba POTM is at k and rising. His gold card (which is basically the same card) is k and dropping and c…
Game - FK Austria Wien -4 Indep. Medellin - the stats don’t do it justice, I got fully dicked. Onto the next on…
Blame the year old that called corey a poo poo head for no icon swaps
They didn’t forget about promo packs though
POTM Aubameyang is way to eensive for a +1 fysical upgrade.
Yo, y’all got anymore of that content ?
Everything in drops at pm UK, unless the community is really looking forward to it. Then it’s anybody’s gu…
Wanting to start a career mode. Any suggestions? Wanna build the club up.
Icon swaps?!?
Aubameyang SBC analysis: Great card. Top striker in EPL. Dynamic image Price is between -600k The price i…
x rated squads with an inform, and x rated squads for potm auba.... that’s going to cost a bomb!!! I migh…
Can every get anything right?
ok wtf why is ever tweet about icon swap in different languages. where are the English nerds at what the actual fuck.
Nope just give us over priced auba weekly stupid bronze solver gold objectvies AND PROMO PACKS
The live content in so far has been so poor! It's literally weeks into the game and the hype is dead.
Dear , Eat my ass. Sincerely, Your customers
So the Aubameyang SBC requirements... Two rated and two rated overall squads for an rated untradeable car…
Logging on for the pm content
where are my bloodclart icon objectives
This card design is different from the normal one, ICON Moments item???
mil. For +1 upgraded untradable Aubameyang
My husband is bored: plays FIFA for hours. My dad is bored: decides to repaint the trim of the house.…
EA Sports, it’s not in the game
EA chugging water getting ready to take the biggest piss by no giving us the ICON Swaps on time
When you open a milestones k pack! 🤩 …
*NEW* : Swaps available - Full Tracker
EA staff at pm
POTM Aubameyang is now out! Requires squads and squads! Will you do it?
As much as I love that is simply not worth the price!
this Friday
If you complete POTM Aubameyang you’re an imbecile I’m sorry. Such a minor upgrade that you will NEVER notice in…
POTM Aubameyang = Waste of time, might as well buy the normal card. Icon Swaps... Where are they? EA are absolutely…
New squad - -1-2-1-2 in game - Follow .shark for Fifa content - …
Look at this lineup Somehow made it into the England team at Euro after playing in the championship on Pro…
issues today. To normal tackles are red card hmm. Drew -3 question was about a boring game. The starting X…
Gave the -Demo a try today and was absolutely stunned by its quality. Solid football simulation, looking go…
Just woke up where are the icons ??? Its not on the app did they release anything ??
WHERE ARE ICON SWAPS ahahahaha Im actually dead, this game is pathetic
Icon swaps
Go and Subscribe to my new channel if you are interested in anything football related. …
Where's the at?
tokens for Drogba? Jeeeeeeeeez naaaa i’m kidding! They forgot to release it should we be surprised? …
Icon swaps is great! Gg
ICON swaps are officially missing, the hunt is on. Can you catch them all??
ummmm....icon swaps?
Is career mode a social eeriment! The game is completely broken and you updated nothing. Problem with the…
Some Friday night clubs action tonight. Just the five of us but determined to catch up on some much missed Ws. Let’…
Player of the Month | Premier League There he is! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang! Second player of the month from the P…
AUBA IN GAME HAS PHYSICAL LOLOLOLOL
And still no update to career mode, after weeks of the game being out! Pull your fingers out! …
Looking for ICON Swaps.
live! Weekend league!
I’ve said before. Nothing but ️ for &amp; ALL of the guys over at EA. I have no probl…
These icon swaps are class, don’t usually praise EA but they’ve pulled it out the bag with this one
Auba wayyyyy to eensive and for such a slim upgrade still getting him on the rtg?
New Aubameyang SBC be like:
ICON SWAPS?
Icon Swaps only available in France?
Everyone right now.....
Can always count on to not release the content they said they would...
Drop me ya Weekend League sides, your current record and what your aiming for? I'm -4 I was fully aiming for wi…
We're Live ️ Pro Clubs w/ Viewers ️ Want to play? Hit the link and come by…
Icon swaps here Idont see a thing
Loving this Icon Swaps promo! Good work from EA
I % want to know why you give it to josef martinez but not to vela
Let’s be honest she ran it herself because her boyfriend wouldn’t get off 🤦‍️
Just got Pele from Icon swaps
Icon swaps is on fifa
Ea releasing icons swaps
s, s for Auba. Including TOTW.
x and x squads... what do you think?
Crickets
Where’s the ICON Swaps at then?
Icon Swaps
Icon swaps must be coming out at pm
NOW ! It's that time of the week again! It's ! We'll be continuing our career with Borrusia Do…
Are they serious
RIP Icon Swaps...
Ea have killed there own game a month in
Where are the icon swaps??
These ICON Swaps are FANTASTIC!!!! Thanks 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Started the day off going -3 in Weekend League. Not too bad, bought Rashford games in and it definitely paid off…
Ea are just useless
Another FAIL from At this point there's no hope!
Two and Two teams Let me save my coins and players
ICON SWAPPPS LET'S GOOOO
At least there are new week objectives
Why am I not surprised?
Me right now trying to afford that POTM Aubameyang card
Erm... EA?
No Repeatable League SBC’s either, this content is woeful
Yo We just want to talk.
Hello where are the icon swaps then?!?!
EA is a joke!
No icon swaps EA are you stoopid
So? Did they forget about Icons?
Imagine hyping up Icon Swaps to just forget to release them, classic EA.
Well, guess icon swaps is coming next week
No fucking way
RIOT!
EMPTY lmao
Icon Swaps
So... icon swaps?
Like share and suscribe for amazing content
What happened to Icon Swaps?
Glad I sold earlier, the crash has started!
Where is the Icon stuff???
Is there nothing or is it just me
Shit content again
Nice lil skill montage just to show y’all what I’m about this SZN Big ups to the man for the…
Live after taking a break from champs. Gonna continue now currently -0. …
from so far in WL that's enough for today fuck me!
Leave it all on the field. ️ 🥅. Redeem your points today for .
any improvement I play in game?
FIFA : Ultimate Team Cup (PS4) - v1 (EU) - Mondays at :00 BST! - €15 to the winning player!* - Free…
Hoping Icon Swaps can be a good promo
Wow Whats going on with the goalkeeping what do you guys make of this??
Own goal in 🤦‍️
MINUTES !! SWAP ICONES SBC MOTM AUBAM PACKS ??
What’s everyone do on career mode Manager or Player?
What do we want?
I’m ready to be let down in mins
need to base the amount of coins you get on how much you score or how you play and not on how long you play…
Small rare gold pack for the win. . . . . . (Ignore the tags) …
Mertens IF up for k cheaper on ps
Icon swaps incoming? Lets see how good/bad these are, dont let us down !! Also new team for this WL s…
When somebody does the shhh on pro clubs after scoring
FIFA PRO CLUBS W/SUBS via
I want EA to drop an objective to Score Headers with First Owner Players
Less than mins til we find out what the Icon Swaps is all about. I'm so damn hyped!!!
I don’t get all this panic selling. 🤷‍️ You % won’t get an icon for at least weeks. There’s absolutely no r…
is so realistic.
in one picture.
Gonna be live on at PM EST playing some make sure to tune in
details in mins. Promo goes on till December - hope we don't have to wait that long to get one... 🤞…
PLEASE WATCH MY STREAM!! …
Let this happen in real life and , thank you. Tierney, into Zaha and he scores against his former clu…
Gonna be interesting to see how twitter reacts in mins to the new Fifa stuff, this could be the best thing on Fi…
Honestly Carving a midblock open is so hard
Who actually designed the penalty system on and thought it was a good idea?! Total shite.
If you play FIFA,you need to buy Why? See this.
FIFA Reddit: Pablo Escobar has been found on Career Mode and fans are loving it - RealSport101
Registration open for the MLS xbox challenge Tourney details: ️ FUT - MLS Cards only O…
Second Video!! Uploads should’ve been quicker before Chicago but Youtube wasn’t having it. Please show some love-…
Hey ea! What’s this?
You know Fifa is fake when Valverde is getting Manager of the Year.
Who’s ready to be disappointed at PM?!?
Fifa ultimate team packs are fucking bullshit, that is all for today
I want Ferdinand Baby in
get in here boys
get in here boys
Just threw my controller off a cliff... thank you for making a terrible game yet again... DEFENSE …
Unpopular Opinion: Rivals gameplay is better than FUT Champs gameplay
yo it is impossible to score from corners on
*brand new video live!! watch me start my season on fifa by clicking the link below! Fifa gameplay (THE NEW…
Game - Admira Wacker -1 Birmingham City - should’ve won against men, opponent was the better player until th…
FIFA ranked number in the UK’s best-selling games list during release weeks. , ,…
Update with my brothers Leo , What’s up? My Road To Glory No FIFA Points Playlist =…
Excited about what EA will drop in minutes. Lot of potential with Auba potm, icon swaps and maybe an objective p…
So frickin excited for pm. Gunna be one hell of a content drop. Either Pirlo, ferdinand, Owen, Gerrard or hagi ar…
Damn ️
Definitely trading in my Pukki POTM card for the Aubameyang POTM card, if the price is right.
So this just happened in the th minute in I don’t mind losing but to that it’s awful
Fuck me, the servers are worse than I eected. Played and that’ll do me for the night
LIVE IN FOR FIFA FRIDAY!!!!! …
$ESPT $EGLX Are eSports becoming bigger than traditional sports? …
Here is my team for this Weekend League! and in game, good luck everyone playing!
Ostersunds FK: Swedish club in financial crisis just months after beating Arsenal 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA World Cup: After IAAF World Championships, visitors wonder if Qatar can keep fans ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Teenage star Fati earns first Spain Under-21s call-up 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
EPL Player of the Month is here 🥳
Which players that you guys have used in FIFA that it is underwhelming?
NEW EPISODE ALERT: The time has finally arrived - is here. In other news, Lu…
Start making coins now with our trading method guides here --&gt;
Here the RTG squad going into Fut Champs week ! What do you think? I couldn’t justify replacing Ake and Gomez as…
Absolute FINAL call Clash Qualifier starts in mins! FINAL CALL FINAL CALL FIFA FREE FOR ALL Join…
Follow for sniping filters and investment tips! Filter: I snipe gold defenders with a shadow chem style for k,…
LATER On Leeds United Manager Career - We Go Again …
Great to see that this is still in Career Mode.........
Two new players for in and 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇦🇷 Looking strong for the season ahead.
Dont think I deserved to win... do you?
It’s that Friday feeling which means we will be posting Hidden Gems... Get ready
Brand new Fifa video will be uploaded at pm !! 🤪
Does anyone have issues with fifa , what I mean is delay in gameplay delay while you pressing buttons, can’t play…
I hope your Weekend League is going good guys! Remember, it's just a game. It's really not too deep if you win or…
Who are you gonna try and get for your team? Im thinking baby Rio for mine.
Is it possible for the players of your game to get proper player from a pack per year. I can't grind fif…
Fifa Gameplay Volta Street Football
I do love disconnect loses on fut champs tbf
FIFA20 now available
FIFA20 IF PLEA REVIEW w/ PERFORMANCE STATS …
I cant be the only one who hates custom tactics allowing you to switch formation in game
Check out 's review for
We got him boys! What’s the best chemistry style?
Took me a couple of games to score this cool back-heel scorpion shot looking thing. Really satisfying when it comes…
Chiellini decides to pull an acrobobatic clearance to deny Reus... Absoloute madness Daily…
The Highest Rated League of Ireland Players in FIFA : . Sean Gannon . Robbie Benson . …
Who else has seen the statue on Fifa
Look at this so early in fifa!! This is not my team btw guys! Kindly share and drop a follow please! …
Huge shout-out to whose trading tips have helped me get to million profit so far in As a Dad I…
review: Intriguing new game modes marred by shallow gameplay
nothing ruins the fun of a video game like when the game is slow, sluggish, and unresponsive. wonder what…
Is it worth asking what the connection is like on WL? Is it worth playing?
is an awful pile of shit.
Icon Swaps starts shortly! I read about it in the Summer but honestly, I don't remember all the details. Can you…
Lmfao A YELLOW CARD
This icon swap thing better be amazing otherwise I’m already bored of the game
FIFA Players when they are trying to save their weekend league record.
Hi everyone. Feeling a lot better today so will be streaming at :30pm this evening!! Icon Trading OTW Trading…
Are you using fitness cards in ?
When it’s the th minute on pro clubs and you’ve gone for glory instead of sweating it to your teammate
FIFA ICONS FIRST AND PRESENT FUT CARDS! | FIFA - FIFA
Another win for the day. Next investment coming in the next couple hours Make sure you follow us so you don't mi…
Who's played today ? How are you getting on ?
Got that lighting and mic for my birthday! I loooveee my set up! So proud of how much I’ve learned this l…
So decided to grind up Squad Battles this week. We finished up on k points Played about games on Ultimate…
Guys how can you not have any update on this yet🤦‍️ It’s truly unbelievable!! “3week…
Seems difficult to find pro clubs players that play their positions and pass
How to improve?
I know this game is going to be dead... just when I thought I was out
I'm so sorry .
Brought Puscas for and can see him sell for minimum as an easy game for Romania 🇷🇴 tomorrow against Faroe I…
Another victim today.... (5-1) don’t worry mate, I’ll give you another chance soon
Going live on twitch with some Pro Clubs! Come join the stream and follow us on the road to division !!…
Having a bad day of !? Watch this short video &amp; cheer up... at my eense. Had a rough afternoon. …
How is there not a patch update for Career Mode on yet? How have they released a broken game? Utter shambles.
The newest episode of the RTG is now live on YouTube! We make bank from rewards and make a new WL squad! Check it o…
FIFA FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS - ELITE REWARDS IN FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM via
We are now live on twitch doing a hr stream today …
Weekend league ready ! (Gomez in for fred)
SCORE UPDATE Liverpool manage to hold off rd place Man United in an enticing fixture! Watch out for this one on…
Absolute FINAL call Clash Qualifier starts in hour! minutes. Join us. Represent Hull in a nation…
Already fucked off with FUT champs
Best looking Arsenal manager.
Yesterday we opened viewers rewards on and today we open top tier rewards on Live 0 fintime and…
WE ARE LIVE AGAIN!! More Champs grinding as well as and Prem sbc!!
this weekend league is just full of cunts !
People who say is good must be on crack or blind
Clash is back from pm! Tonight sees the return of the Mighty players who will be playing some friendlies…
Wish would sort out crossing on this game. % of the time player runs away from where the ball is go…
Anyone who tells people how to do the no loss glitch seriously give your head a wobble
FIFA - Here are the Bundesliga Player of the Month nominees for September! …
What a terrible story line compared to the last years. Terrible game too
Check out FIFA RAGE!!!
is fucking horrific. No one wants unrealistic skill moves breaking tackles. They want AI to track runs. T…
Not too bad
My team for weekend league
Take that too
Alisson in the game is so shite.....
Just in time for WL
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account for a…
Sick to death hearing Lee Din moan about how much he didnt enjoy playing wing back for Bruce Rioch
No fifa20 No stress Happy life!!!
I don't understand the hate.
FIFA - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the Premier League POTM for September! …
Get your own servers Fix the button lag Bullshit ref calls offsides and keeper hand ball outside the box fucking…
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
guess what SBC I will be doing !?
Should I buy Langlet now or wait until he lowers?
tournament this season. In association with &amp; …
Good start to the weekend Will be streaming later on
Mo Salah with the beautiful assist to secure me the th win of the day! losses were tough to take but I'm happy s…
Episode is slowly but surely coming but for now check out a previous episode! …
Anybody else having this issue when trying to find a match, takes about seconds on this screen then says “oppone…
Currently -0, inb4 -25
Long shot but with upgrade only +1 could he be comin as a weekly objective ??? Or is it confirmed as…
Start working from home with your mobile phone and earn k-7K daily. Interested? Say info... …
There are Icon-Swap_tokens in
First game of futchampions and I get this lol
LETS
We are liveee Vamos Fut Champions e abrir uns packs!
Refs are actually fucking abysmal
FIFA Surpassed Million Players
This game is actually disgusting Just imagine searching a champs game, it shows you a full…
Bought for the first time in years. Fuck me the gameplay is shit. Is it always this slow? I'll stick to
Cheers EA your doing me a solid here
Now realise why I didn’t play champs that much last year - the game rewards the ppl that whack money in the game or…
it's not even fair vvd is just too op
Mood:
when vvd gets a toty we are doomed
-4 in WL smh. At least I’m not -5 like the Redskins.
-1 to start my weekend league lost bcs i faced vvd .
-on-1s are absurd!!!!🤬🤬🤬🤬
Wildcard investment: Carlos Vela broke most goals in an mls season this week - possible record breaker objective/…
நம்ம ஊரு, நம்ம கிளப். Proud and happy to be associated with the most important football franchise in the country.…
My New Video is Live on my Channel I’m brining you the best players you can sign in Career…
The Cornfield Champ returns to on /19. See ya'll at with this: …
in a nutshell
If you need some Xbox or PSN money for Fifa Points for , check out G2A for some Cheap Codes! PS4…
Just imagine taking Manchester City to a Re play with kid's on I did that
Biggest win so far on
Not a bad first pack
which one would you rather do........
Honestly have no idea how this got voted over Son but they’ve done me a favour making it an atrocious upgrade ain’t…
Is it worth selling neymar for team on the left or keeping him for team on the right?
Beast mode
Negotiations have broken down at , &amp;
Fifa Volta SBC: EA&amp; new Volta Football Squad Building Challenge and how to complete it 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
When someone starts passing it around the back after going a goal up on
Fut champions _ good but not the best
st and last wl of fifa done
Fifa Volta SBC: EA’s new Volta Football Squad Building Challenge and how to complete it
I aslo feel the main x1 are going to cost more tokens which means prime Roy Keane could be a steal just saying . W…
Not bad! From marquee matchups
New FIFA series on with the one and only .
GOING LIVE IN MINUTES!!! - RTG WL GRIND! - - NEW ICON TESTING!
Ah FGS. Aubameyang POTM won’t be doing that SBC I bought in-form KDB &amp; in-form TAA hoping one of them would get it
tokens over months. Assuming Drogba costs tokens I feel like that would give you the option to get another…
Oh... First, wear your clothes
FUT Champs round two! Lets see those squads!
I'm LIVE Duckies! Come on in Ducky's! Time for some games on And who knows what…
Ep. of is LIVE! On this episode we recap the drama filled week in the twitterverse + - Squad…
Strong Start ranking: st Liverpool nd Piemonte Calcio rd Bayern München th Inter Milano Could be interesting…
Marcelo and Eder Militao Adama Traore at RB seems pretty solid! Need new SOLID prem CB
Check out my new RTG episode bros!! Subscribe Like Share all is appreciated ️ …
How does koubaily who has like strength get out muscled by insigne
how much £ would people pay for mill?
What a penalty from Daniel James in the cup final! Definitely crossed the line, no VAR needed there! 🤣 (that cr…
And that’s Australia over and done with. Next is on to Austria. Pretty good record so far with wins, draws and…
Realtalk
The SB will be available at pm tonight!
Game - WS Wanderers -0 FK Austria Wien - closer than the score suggests but once the rd went in, he rage quit…
Why did u virgins vote for Auba? None of you retards can afford him
Stream is live. Twitch link in bio. How’s your WL so far? YouTube:
Pretty happy with this team. There’s obviously a few (eensive) players that I’d prefer. But this is working quite…
EA have somehow put these two down as the same height 🤣
Who fancies a game of on PS4? I’m going on now and I’m bored so want to play Fifa let me know I’ll DM my PS4 add if you want it
Anyone else feel the same about ?
nooooo why do u connect me to France. Game is bad with ms, imagine if I play on a server with ms
Live now streaming ultimate team! Every new follower I get I will open packs …
Currently -3 🥵🥵
Bought Moutinho’s last night when there was big supply for -3.5k per card On average sold each at k the fo…
Wow this is cringe
is officially my least favourite games from down the years in terms of gameplay. It’s absolutely broken. Im…
Rip coins it's gonna be eensive as hell
Anyone else find gameplay to be supeeeer clunky?
Here are the strongest players in FIFA ️‍️ . . .
FIFA Codex Crack on PC 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
is so boring with the defense
Hitting twice already over % profit
Most contact &amp; Reds in his Ultimate Team – Van Dijk answers all the tough questions - This Is Anfield …
Can't believe i had in Germany with HOTEL WLAN better gameplay then wired at home Playing with tanks on ice..
Grobes Foulspiel. : Legacy Edition (Switch) im Test:
HOLY FUCSBSJEJRKEK I have never packed any player above k since FiFA . When should I sell them?
I guess forgot about Aubameyang?
We've got TWO great events on October th! :00 PM: v2 Search and Destroy, $50 team pass.…
FIFA has to be one of the most Annoying games I've EVER played !!!
LIVE FUT CHAMPIONS ! (FIFA ) live at
This is actually a real goal that cost me the game
I feel bad for people who’s mum or dads have died, whilst we sit here happily they never will because they don’t ha…
Matchfinders are now open until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All v2 | P…
LATER TODAY On Leeds United Manager Career We Go Again …
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!!!! 🤩 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤 ICON SWAPS TONIGHT BOI!!!!!!!!
Icon swaps day! Only live for about six hours day so come on in &lt;3 intro is going to be min, eatin real quick…
Finally Dybala IF
Currently -3 on champs. Decent start tbh!
WL2 Starting XI featuring + leading the line
Game - Western United -3 Atlanta United - all of my players had a worse touch than Jimmy Saville however I real…
Amazing stream today. The grind is really paying off. Huge shoutout for the host much appreciated it!
When your mate asks if FIFA’s worth buying this year....
What’s everyone’s team looking like, for fut champs? Here’s mine
Wtf EA i was playing af player career mode and My Guy had star skill, but in the middel off a game he could not d…
FIFA isn’t necessarily a bad game. It’s just got all the cheese from still on it. Take that out little by l…
-1 after the first futchamps games for the year for me. Pen loss hurts but we keep on moving on.
rd penalty shoot out in wl! rd win
TOP monthly in completed Next goal is getting into the all time list My pack luck was super medio…
There's a Spanish scout that shares the same name as the infamous Colombian druglord
luckily enough it happened during a rivals games
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
WE ARE LIVE! -Champs -ICON SWAPS AT PM! -More pm content? …
Sergio Ramos is an actual cheat code for near post corners
. doing bits on season
Still haven't got my hands on yet...
Not having digs, looking for help. As I say in the video, don’t know who to contact, but would love to be pointed i…
Making someone quit in minutes of fifa -0 up is the best feeling
If Auba POTM is only a +1 I honestly dont see the logic in paying extra for such a small boost in stats. I'd rather…
Icon swaps I’m feeling card! The pace is verrrrrrry nice
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
is so broken lmao
When it turns , is it worth doing the icon upgrade sbc and how much do you reckon it will be worth?
God I love, Inject itttt
Another short cinematic FIFA video. This time it features Arsenal FC Player Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Any feedb…
Finish.
EA Logic with the POTM Pukki gets a nice upgrade.. Auba gets a +1 Gonna skip the POTM sbc GG…
Good thing about being verified first week is the “pressure” is off on any WL now. I can just chill and finish wher…
Not the best weekend so far but as long as we finish in gold or better we’re good. -6 ...
Everyone on
New fifa episode of who fucked shit up
If i speak ... Im in big trouble
Auba has scam stats &gt;&gt; Just buy his gold if you want him
Game - Wellington Phoenix -2 Bayern II - tough game won in stoppage time! - -3-2 -
love you so much boy !
POTM Aubameyang Not a big upgrade but this will be over and I mean over eensive. …
Hi What happened here pal? That team not working in
My team for Weekend League this week, got a good first games and I’m currently on -1. Here’s hoping for the res…
PRE STREAM TING:
Why’s everyone’s thoughts on what’s coming at pm??? I sold my icons so don’t lose as much coins have mil and vvd…
Chuboi showing himself as one of the biggest cunts in the community good work chief
These guys are too OP...
LIVE w/ Continuing my Career Mode, come stop by and show some love! …
WINNER TOMORROW!!! WINNER TOMORROW!!! WINNER TOMORROW!!! Get involved!! FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY!!!!! LOOK AT MY PIN…
Haven’t streamed in a while but has mins left on the Download!! Will be live once it loads up! Come hang…
Flashback | Łukasz Piszczek At the start of this FIFA we were hoping for Flashback cards: Piszczek &amp; Hummels.…
Who for my gk?
Of course a game is going to have a few glitches, but most of the time it's a few small glitches that can be fixed…
I will be live tonight at pm for some more Serie A Glory action!! -Marque Matchups SBCs and packs -New Objecti…
Does anyone have a spare fifa ultimate team account /mine has been hacked and now banned anyone please could he…
Defending on is the worse it’s ever been🤢 all about outscoring who your playing
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
Rate my squad -4-2 in game
This is a what I play against at DIV .
is on TONIGHT! Come on down for your last chance to qualify for Represent your community and…
LIVE NOW ️ FUT CHAMPS FRIDAY ️
Is it a problem of the EA servers or why is the latency so bad? My other devices work with no problem …
Started the WL well, -0, get in here and watch me bottle everything!
Follow for sniping filters and investments On ps4 I snipe liverpool players for k and sell for k
TODAY: Brand new promo 'ICON Swaps' on Fut.
…
So I’ve matched top players in Weekend league in my first games what is my luck man
My auba golf card nearly k you love to see it
Current team all set for weekend league but going to have to play some rivals tonight as its just not gelling yet.…
played won lost , shouldn’t have lost the one but the other one I lost was due to my bad defending…
seconds after getting nutmegged
Would you please take any action against these no loss glitchers kids?! It’s totally unfair!
WL number . Who’s ready?
Position change trading method.
The prices have dropped slightly since earlier, I'm hoping I sold at the best time
When are we playing?
Tried games in CHAMPS. Those tap ins are just way too ridiculous.. games decided by those kind of goals for and…
Looking forward to trying to become king of the castle on FIFA FUT Champions this weekend! …
Game - Sydney -3 St Mirren - piss poor defensively from me, conceded of the same kind of goals - -3-2 -…
That is a lot of coins, I wonder how its all gonna work.
Retro Football Fair /10/19 Come and join me and a few others at Sachas Hotel, Manchester, M4 SH tomorrow.…
The MILLION GIVEAWAY is HERE! It will be ran on Instagram so make sure to do the following. Deposi…
Anyone had this on Fifa that’s not my email address and I can’t get on the game
Weekend League ️
Weekend League squad
Absolute boss. Congratulations to and his community for raising such a ridiculous amount of money…
The first episode of our YouTube series Bradford City - Road Back to the Premier League is now up!…
actualmente. Real Life FIFA
FUT CHAMPS FRIDAY lets go lads get in here
Why are people buying my ozils that I listed for k each for lazy buyers The SBC isn't even out...
I’m gonna start my own thread.
I'm sick of tackling people in this game only for the ball to fall to my opponent again and again
New video online on my YouTube channel : ◾◾◾Tags ◾◾◾ …
UK Deals: Get a Lifetime VPN Subscription with FastestVPN for under £17 - IGN Nordic
FIFA Afghan official in fallout of sexual abuse scandal 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA rage as Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang wins Player of the Month award 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Icon Swaps | First Batch Today is the day the first ever Icon Swaps will be released. Drogba - Probably will…
Playing some Volta come and hang with the fam!
TOTW: Boys And Girls Soccer -
FIFA - Norway vs. Spain (EURO Qualifier) ️ Watch the video here…
What's the point of playing weekend league then? Not only was there a data leak of player's information,…
You have to throw away your whole console &amp; sell on Gumtree for p ️
Well think this will be the team I head into the Weekend League with.
So sedentary . Never stops. playstationin . . . …
FIFA Career Mode (Hindi)! Episode - King Arrives. Watch: Like. Share. Subscribe.…
So happy I’m not playing rivals this week because this game is broken, aggravating and unresponsive that I reckon I…
Another happy member following and gaining coins Be sure to follow along! Welcome to any new…
weeks in and I am so bored of fifa… Gameplay is on its ass. What could have the best fifa is the worst. Sort you…
Wooooow fut champs gameplay is horrendous
So there's a no loss glitch in . Really any point playing at this point? And EA wonder why their community m…
Fut Champs is a no go this year, Div Rivals all the way!
After hours straight at Uni, our lass comes and drops off. That performance has proven worthy of a long-term contract.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS 🤣🤣🤣 My views are my own but this is exactly the stuff that makes people say the game’s scripted…
Who’s buying me ?
Thank you, Marquee Matchups.
WE ARE LIVE!!! Weekend League is here once again where can the new squad get us?!?!?…
defence and goal keeping is absolute shit . sort it out please .
Thank you entertainment for giving us this opportunity. …
All I'm saying is if Leroy Sane is through on goal, Gerrard Pique would never catch him ever...
I actually hate FUT FUT man... All those games played just get a Rakitic pack??? Fuck me sideways
LATER TODAY On Leeds United Manager Career - We Go Again …
Needs fixing asap
Thank you entertainment for giving us this opportunity. …
Me knowing that if I get FUT Champs out the way I can watch Football &amp; the new movie. …
Got my First Fut Champs win, went -0 down at half time, ended up Winning -2
Game - Perth Glory -1 Hannover - tough start but it got easier as the game went on. -2-2 …
Should I replace Ter Stegen and Lenglet for Neuer and Hernandez? I've heard Neuer is a top gk, what do you think?…
theres a no loss glitch im hearing
When my mum tells me to take a break from FUT Champs
Ooh barnacles, here we go again...
Here is another glitch! How do i know that this type of glitch doesnt happen in game where i am passing/sho…
In before EA have cancelled POTM Auba due to it being above the SBC Threshold. 🤣🤣
Just selling Lucas for Ben Yedder, I hope i'm not mistaken.
woww happy for u guys tournament. In association with &amp;…
tournament this season. In association with &amp; …
Please don’t judge me world, but I caved 🤦‍️ …
I have a feeling Icon Swaps and POTM Abua are not going to be the only SBCs will release, possibly ot…
️Tonight is the last chance for you to have a shot at qualifying for our team.. Come on up fr…
Just bought a copy of it may not have the licences, but that’s been sorted with an update. Have had si…
Let’s face facts it’s just a copy and paste haha haven’t fixed anything bounces are horrific…
goals club for
My first game of ... I lost -3 you should have seen the gameplay!!! The DELAY! I was helpless...genuinel…
Leggo!
Just getting warmed up for Fut Champs see you lads in minutes lads don’t be late the elite dream begins …
I was actually ahead. Please look into what is supposed to happen here and what happened here? Forward this to your…
k to make a BuLi team, can I do better than this?
So there’s a no loss glitch in weekend league right now that people are doing. Please postpone…
Is Neymar broken in - no matter where I aim in this scripted game he hits at the keeper.
Just played first fut champs game before heading to work. Won on a rage quit
We Are Live!! Playing some with firstly and maybe some later on Come chill wit…
WL number let’s go. Are you guys ready to go 🤔 here is the team and kits for the second week. What you gu…
Welcome!
Wow good to see FUT Champs servers are running extra fast today
There are only African totw cards here are the cheapest they could be needed for tonights bu…
FIFA rage as Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang wins Player of the Month award
"Cost: lungs, limbs and k FIFA points" Fans are not happy about Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's Playe…
lets gooo guys get in here!
potm auba today lets goooo
I Wonder if anyone’s killed themselves after an aids game of weekend league
corner goal
The delay on FUTChamps is nearly unplayable.
Virgil van Dijk names five Liverpool players in his FIFA Ultimate Team - TBR - Football News
Thoughts?
If I remember correctly, these dudes keep making profit for me every day. 🤑
«The most realistic football eerience»
is BY FAR the worst game they’ve ever released in terms of gameplay, one patch has ruined the whole game. Completely unplayable.
Great communication again by the community managers of on Twitter. We have to find out ourselves... d…
not longing forward to defending against this card when it comes!
Decided to make my pro look like Marco Verratti
First SBC
When I load up later and see the player of the month card
Merci / Thank you ️
FIFA Ultimate Team: Current players who will become FUT ICONs in the future. …
Thank you EA, He doesn't need to be in FUT
WINNER TOMORROW!!! Get involved!! FIFA POINT GIVEAWAY!!!!! …
Can anyone elain sence of matchmaking? IMO since FIFA17 it's broken. Why ppl with %-W ratio play…
Like this?
Upgraded team for the weekend, still refusing spend a penny on packs.
FIFA Ultimate Team Market Analysis: Price plummets for Piemonte paceman - RealSport
What a shit upgrade +32 on in game stats, eecting people to pay over double what he’s worth (guessi…
has hit million players! 🥳 To celebrate, grants ,000 Volta Football Coins to everyone who…
The second BPL POTM!!! Aubameyang!!!
Investment updates MED BUDGET: Alex Telles 🇧🇷 up to k Paulinho 🇧🇷 up to k LOW BUDGET: Oscar 🇧🇷 up to …
FIFA Ultimate Team Market Analysis: Price plummets for Piemonte paceman - RealSport101
Selling £25 Xbox gift card for £15 Meant to buy playstation and amazon don’t do refunds on digital orders. PayPal
Bored of Fifa already
-0 in FUT Champs lets get Elite
- R1,049 Whatsapp directly …
LAST CHANCE FOR SIGN UPS QUALIFIER AT PM!
Smashball Series for next week: Oct Melrose Arch Oct Irene Cash, spot in re…
Flashbacks when the servers weren't overloaded and you could actually turn your players even late game. Release a l…
Todays ! 🤩 We´re about to finally play some , what are you up to? Happy Weekend! …
ATTN: DMV ️ gamers!
Hey gang! I’ll be streaming some futchamps later today! I’ll be watching the ‘Lets Talk Hype Unit’ over on…
FIFA | Man.United vs Fc Porto | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /02 Full Match &amp; Gameplay YOUTUBE:…
Had a player with ⭐ skills on player career then got an accomplishment for an extra ⭐ and it sent me to back to …
FIFA | Liverpool vs | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /01 Full Match &amp; Gameplay…
, why LB. I bought it by mistake.
How to improve?
Pepe London, United Kingdom
Simulation League Table &amp; Standings. Youtube Channel:
Started this Career Mode a couple of weeks ago out of the blue October: Neil Harris resigns a…
FIFA | Man.United vs Fc Porto | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /02 Full Match &amp; Gameplay YOUTUBE:…
The Market is going to collapse, people thinking its an SBC, but it’s actually part of the Icon Swaps …
FIFA | Liverpool vs | Big Club Simulation League | Gameweek /01 Full Match &amp; Gameplay…
Bayern win -0 in a Champions League Group Stage match. Commentary: "Terrible night at the office for Bayern. An aw…
Is anyone running Bundesliga squads atm? I’m finding Reus particularly disappointing. Can’t shoot &amp; always out of…
I'll record the next episode of the career mode tomorrow and get it edited over the weekend. Hopefull…
Selling FIFA20 Coins. £11.50/100k Any console. PayPal Only . DM
After a couple of slow content days, I predict Icon Swaps will give us more than enough to do but then people will…
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account for a…
Live playing some FIFA over on …
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
Live playing FIFA
And stream tonight bros around pm!! Let’s hope this Promo is one to remember🤙 Subscribe…
is full of bullsh*t.
Someone help me better my team please i dont know what to do... …
LIVE! Weekend League Shenanigans
I have a dilemma in regards to my team. Which option would you choose? . Sell Kante, buy Allan + Neymar . Kee…
I hope you all invested in ziyech they have started to sell for me and have gone up from k this morning …
I really recommend trying to not play drop back depth if you struggle to defend try pressure on heavy touch with…
N’Golo Kante is unbeliveable
First games and picked wins, should have been but one dc when i won the game.
so u said u fixed rebounds right??? what in the hell is this then can someone elain this to me i ne…
Packed Luca Modric and Lucas Hernandez last night from a Free SBC Pack of Ultimate Team! Sold them fo…
In this weeks report, we reveal all on the FIFA data leak, how ,000 Zendesk users are at risk, and how the dat…
First game on FIFA have we gone back years ? Games almost going in reverse it's that slow !
Why do the last two teams on squad battles turn into fucking pro players pulling out tricks and scissor kicks lmfao
Can’t believe I paid £50 for a player and kit update
Omg what a pack
Me trying to score a header on Fifa
Anyone else’s rivals game play so slow? Players don’t even run or turn properly
k budget with these players
hey why even have this in the game if it's going to be AI blocked every, single, time!…
is at over million players, and EA are celebrating with VOLTA coins:
Lloris doing a Kelle Roos
Check out episode of my Leeds United Fifa Career mode. …
Ladies and Gentleman and the community. This is a compilation of FUT Champs Week ... Only the first …
can someone help me, I want to build a team around POTM Lewandowski, I have no idea how, I want to build it with PL.
So i packed these outta marquee matchups...
Celebrates Million Player Milestone With Limited Time Rewards
Easily my best player in a pack, come see who we got in our second pack opening! NO WAY WE PACKED HI…
Fifa Career Mode Newcastle United Ep1 Out on the channel ( this will be along with the leeds CM )…
Fut Champs, Sweaty Pace, Abuse Price, Through the Roof Hotel, Trivago
Going Live! Crystal Light National FUT Champions Aerobic competition
Any1 know how many points was needed to hit elite in squad battles last week?
FIFA coins guide: how to (legally) buy and sell your assets to maximise profits Want to increase your FIFA …
When you’ve battered the guy all game but he scores a rd minute sweaty goal and the commentator says it’s a deser…
What a game
On Fifa on PS4 if anyone wants a lesson shout out and I’ll give you a good smashing !
min yeah ?
I don’t have to be your boo before you get me Twitter nyame do it for me, I’m also your child not your ste…
Ante Rebic simply unbeatable (AC Milan)
!!! This is gonna be incredibly eensive!!! Who’s gonna do it? . . . . .…
Its time.
Mood🤦‍️..
Harry Kane makes it so effortless to score! Such an amazing finisher and a dream to play with! Join me to watch mor…
Should I continue FIFA Manager career mode or wait till Sunday for that? Wanting to start a player career mode s…
Can you elain this ?
Neymar, Mbappe all missing open goals then EA pull this out the bag. Holographic hand. GK smashed in the face. How…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Can someone please advice how to fit Lacazette instead of Lewandowski ?
Wow this is poor dont need a gd team every1 just simple pass into box hold left trigger turn shoot goal gamrs macker
spanish team
Right can somebody elain how this icon swaps works?
reserves team
Player of the month im so ready for you
About to go live over Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro plays
This game is so broken
So first game of champs and yeah you can now have up to players sent off before it quits the game for you so you…
FUT Champs stream with this team is live! Hopefully we get the Aubameyang POTM SBC soon! …
Price prediction on Auba POTM SBC? I'm thinking something like x , x , x Rated.
-0 so far. Now to turn it off, enjoy my birthday and pretend that im gonna get Elite.
Episode is out!
Your team is a complete army of fools.
I just bought Layzin Kurzawa on
First game and the delay, oh my. Tackles not winning ball back, a chest from my lb ended up being controlled my his…
Goal-Kick or Corner? 🧐
Get your sweatbands ready, it’s gonna be a long &amp; sweaty grind. Largely based around objectives.
Brand new FIFA , with our biggest tournament yet! But who will be Fifa Champion this year at Gamerfest? Have Y…
Feeling Competitive? Of course you are! It's gaming season! Today is your last chance to get on a Kestrel team thi…
Why have EA taken out the fake shot from
We're LIVE! First time streaming some today, doing some squad battles and then some pro clubs w/ Beardy a…
I can never understand why we can't manage any other team for example in the Championship other than the relegated…
If they don’t let us choose our own icon as the end goal for grinding months... PROMO’S A MASSIVE FLOP in my eye…
What even is this game?
Thank you so much EA sports for not continuing the match at -1 up. I’ll happily take my loss. I’ll look back on it…
Guys we’re gonna have a special stream tonight is gonna drop by on Discord and we’re gonna Do a pa…
Ready!
Apologies for no stream last night, was in bed at pm feeling turd. We are back tonight though with some Pro Clubs…
I really hope this is fake news . Guaranteed Icon SBC??
I personally think we are looking at around k-600k for aubameyang if the gold is around k
ago What happens when FIFA simulates the Hyundai A-League /20 Season - Hyundai A-League …
And then there was , I decided to fully cash out and Guarantee the profit, TOTW Cards, to k profit per card!…
This isn't a review
Elain please? Just bought Neto and this has just appeared in my squad?
For me, the icons I: (Green) Want (Orange) Maybe interested in (Red) Have zero interest in
Trash career mode, look at Manchester City,
I’m live grinding FUT …
Every normal sane person: Man Friday im looking forward to the weekend can't wait to have fun Me a fut champs pla…
Brought Yarmolenko for and can see him double in profit to as an easy game for Ukraine 🇺🇦 tonight against…
Good luck whit y'all
Anyone know when champions league promo might be coming out …
Can someone elain ICON swaps to me please?
Brought Yaremchuk for and can see him double in profit to as an easy game for Ukraine 🇺🇦 tonight against Li…
FIFA PLAYER CAREER MODE ! - PLAYOFFS vs DERBY COUNTY!!! ⁦⁩ Apologies it didn’t go up at pm when it…
If it’s anything like FUTSwap, you’ll be able to choose from... elite card say Drogba for MAX tokens. OR s…
New FuT-Team ?
Streaming my on my channel. Come see how i'm doing in the
Who’s doing potm sbc? Should of been rated...not sure if ima do it for stay boast and I know it’s…
credit: ... One tournament. One winner!!!... come launch the with us as the true universe of g…
USE THE HYPE TO NET YOURSELVES A PROFIT
Live mit der Weekend League! Back2back -0?
nd weekend league team
As anyone noticed the Tackling on SHIT IS WACK!!!
Tell the bitch I’m not in the mood and turn on
Check out the new Team of the Week for , available right now. And get ready for the new “Icon” cards coming…
I fucking love !!! Well deserved player of the month! Can’t wait to do his abc card on
Stream is LIVE !!! With Packs Opening From SBC !! …
Feel like my players are running knee deep in cement this game is so heavy
I need help. What would you do???
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
FUT Points Origin 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Ultimate Team: Team of the Week Investing Tips And Tricks For FUT 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Sweat Champs is back, and WE ARE LIVE! |
Why do the players I don't control make penalties? It has happend in of my last games
Probably of the lower tier awards on offer (just like FUTSwap last year) Remember base is the baby icons. :…
Match making is so shit, I'm -3 in champs now and every team has been the likes of Messi, Ronaldo Mbappe ect I'm n…
Get your hands on our Blue Old School Football Print. Only £4 Including Delivery …
This aubameyang cards a beast pace Jeez that's a monster of a card I think he will cost a load of coins my guess -700 at least
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
is worse then
The netcode in wl is embarassing.
Good pick up yesterday should hopefully play well against Iceland tonight crazy how inflated otws get on match day…
Which rank has the most overpowered rewards in squad battles?Any idea anyone ?
The higher the calibre &amp; reputation of the icon. The more Swap Tokens it’s likely to need.
Of course you’d drop the price of for all gaming consoles but the Xbox .. 🤦‍️
The Icon Pack is part of the TOTAL FUT Swaps Reward.
Are you ready for Icon Swaps? Today
One tournament. One winner!!!... come launch the with us as the true universe of gamers that will be born t…
Investment: big shout for this guy. Mass bidding at . Perfect link to Moutinho and good links for Portug…
FIFA Football: Romelu Lukaku becomes the fastest player to goals …
OMG I just got the best pack luck
Get your hands on a special edition of signed by Slaven Bilić... Simply retweet this post and follow us…
!83’s !84’s !85’s !86’s SBC Fodder gonna be going up in the run up to this!!
Congratulations Bro! , She deserves the prize. 🤩!
FYI - Base Icon pack is in the code. However don't get overly excited about ICON sbcs. The system works like this a…
-0 already, hyped for tomorrow’s Qualifier.
And now it works...wtf?
Nursing a little hangover after last nights stream! Had a great time guys, will be back on sunday for another!…
Small investment that paid off. Bought x Leno for k. I'll take the profit now before he might not be needed in…
has an unreal amount of content, huge depth with an incredible amount of things to do. I'm told coins are e…
First fifa play in years legendary difficulty
So FUT Champs in a bit until later on &amp; then it’s coming home! ️
Already an Arsenal legend . POTM for September ️️ , well deserved. …
Also.. VAR is needed in judging by this... or am i missing something?
No video today sorry. Looks like my is broken Seems as though others have had issues with booting the game…
Done with the worst fifa yet so fucking shit,game play is just so slow can’t defend for shit
Just me who feel Fut Champs gameplay is awful today???
I think you will struggle to find someone as shit at Ultimate Team than me.
Get your fodderrrrrrrr.
Was free, so why not? "oPpOrTuniTy CosTs"
is possibly the most infuriating game going! Liverpool just got relegated to the Championship and still wan…
Brought Zinchenko for and can see him double in profit to as an easy game for Ukraine 🇺🇦 tonight against L…
Man Like
BPM is sick right now!
Without commenting on that post hitting - how can anyone tell me the shooting in is realistic? Look how the…
is on TONIGHT! Come on down for your last chance to qualify for Represent your community and…
Possible BASE ICON PACK SBC added in the code? If it required icon tokens,would you prefer to do this pack or grin…
Let'ts get started with the stream, -0 start to
About to go live over Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to for some pro plays
| SQUAD LIST This is our official roster for 🦅️
Come and watch my friend LIVE STREAM himself playing FIFA FUT Champs. It’s fun entertainment and I’m also in the…
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
WOW Tell me this is fake
Should be
Hope everyone got their team ready and get those W’s in ! I know I am.
What the actual fuck have they done to fifa ’s defending. Refund please
sign me
Proud to see our e-athlete sign with Norwegian major league sports club for…
What would you say is a fair price for POTM Auba?
About to go live over Playing **GIVEAWAY INFO IN STREAM** Head on over to
Imaging conceeding a headed goal from a corner on FIFA Ultimate team
Another fail.. trying to make a throw in, but the ball is already in play
is on TONIGHT! Come on down for your last chance to qualify for Represent your community and…
Next Flashback Card in
FIFA feels more &amp; more like FIFA for us right now, AI defending seems to be back, crazy Auto Blocks when you…
Let me see better draft squad than ️
The -pace Aubameyang is going to cause a lot of broken controllers in !
has dropped. Its Aubyameyang as predicted. If you followed my now in the ! 🥳 Don't forget t…
FIFA coins guide: how to (legally) buy and sell your assets to maximise profits
Hopefully
Any suggestions for squads with Pukki as striker?
improvements?
Selling my Cillessen's to lazy buyers Transfer list empty why not list a few! k each card! Plenty more to sell…
Here is your FIFA POTM for September 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Division Rivals Rewards and SBC packs to open!
Fixture congestioh srikes again!
One of my late night risky investments, selling on hype!
patiently waiting for somebody's daughter to get me fifa .️
Lee Din actually gives me autism
Pukki is not good...
GG to anyone who watched this and got in early You will be buying into the hype if you get…
Can someone teach me how to take pens on this game holy shit it’s hard
Thought ya boy Callum Wilson would have won, Aubamayang gunna be eensive for a minimal upgrade, I'm staying well clear regardless
If they are noticeably smaller upgrades this year then that SHOULD reflect in the cost. Sadly it’s EA &amp; they want…
I beg you lot fix headers lol
FIFA tops EMEAA charts for second week since launch -
Eduardo Camavinga is NOT on How sway!!!???
Icon Swaps is scheduled to start today! I think it is basically FUT Swaps but with icons right? If so, whi…
Tallest players in each position
Aubameyang wins his card stas are on photo hes an upgraded to those investment i asked you to make co…
Anyone playing on PC having problems booting the game? I'm in the FIFA20 launcher, hit 'play' and nothing h…
This is the first fifa where I had to go to the track list to turn some off. Worst playlist ever.
How does anyone play the lag and button delay is horrendous, totally unplayable
Not too bad of a pack... can confirm. Koulibaly is a New video with him soon??
AUBA POTM!! 🤩 How much would you be willing to spend for this card? …
which icon swap will you go for.
AvAiLaBlE nOw
This is how you score v1&amp; on FIFA Link in my bio for my best goals of the week . . . . . ...…
My first scorpion kick on fifa20 Psn:medanimlawa
Congrats to , the Player of the Month! ⃣ Goals in ⃣ appearances with ️⃣ in…
Roll on o clock
Aubameyang has been voted September's ! 🇬🇦 Games: Goals: Pace: Shooting: Who is grabbing this guy?…
Can anyone elain to me how the icon swap deals will work for FUT?
The best skip pack.... do your gold upgrades Just in time for FCC Qualifiers 🇫🇷
Just waiting for the POTM Auba Sbc to see if I make a good amount of coins or not
Guys if you want to get a mega pack then go and do the Volta SBC, I’m pretty sure that it’s a tradeable pack as wel…
Currently -2 in WL. I had DCs, in one game I was :1 up in the other one I was :2 down. It's okay for me to get…
Uploaded the new RTG ! Did you guys get a notification on your phones about my new…
My current trade pile! Show me yours
My current trade pile! Show me yours
Why is this here already??
GW9 Whats your thoughts, no Sterling or Salah 🤭 …
Anyone that uses loan players in Fifa is a skilled noob
Did you keep on to these two investments? I have around x Blind IF in my trade pile! All around k profit on each…
I can't believe I just heard the commentators say "we need the points to avoid the drop zone" sober up will you,…
I would't sell your IFs yet, they went up a Small amount and even if they are not required for Auba they will…
Currently streaming fut champs were -3. Come join
Stream is going LIVE in min!! Come Hang Out !! …
packed rashford from a sbc mega pack. he's worth k. whoa!
delete already because im that bored of it and by far the worst fifa ever
Go pick up your high rated prem players... David Silva, Hugo L, Toby A &amp; Jan V!! All around k % going to rise…
One for Arsenal fans and UT players!
Aubameyang is the ! Could see a massive rise in players from Gabon - invest at your own risk! Not a massive…
Oh ffs....... like equals prayer for all coming up against this card in champs this weekend …
What's the point of giving only +1 for the high rated players!? Absolutely not worth doing comunicando offi…
FIFA HACK CHEAT TOOL COIN &amp; FIFA POINTS GENERATOR MOD
When will that be out?
is the fitness glitch still a thing?
Aubameyang not a huge upgrade on his stats... Will cost your left arm and a pack of quavers! Will I do it?…
Not enough coins to get good quality players? Here are cheap good players you can buy in …
India Vs South Africa in FIFA ! Watch: …
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the Premier League POTM for September! 🇬🇦 |
For people saying they won't release it until Pukki eires it says available now at the end of this vid
I can't believe it
Wow What’s this all about End of mins -2 Can’t sort my tacti…
Icon Swap + POTM Aubameyang today!
anyone else got shit connection?
Entire club will be emptied!
If you don't wanna see me sad you can just gift me ya that's it.
Buy more PL high rated cards, lads!
Is the POTM Auba sbc showing for you guys?
After being told a number of times and seeing it all over twitter that potm won’t be coming today 🤷‍️ the informa…
POTM AUBA!!!! PANIC SELL YOUR CLUB GUYS!!!
All I ask from EA with respect to Icon Swaps is that they should make it possible to grind at our own pace. I perso…
Yesterday we uploaded a video with our and rewards, go check it out on the link here ️…
*NEW* : Pierre-Emerick September Winner of Premier League - Requirements …
It says a lot about the state of this shitshow when pace Walcott is struggling to get away from Harry Maguire.…
I literally held square down to get rid of this and Courtois kicks it like this... Thankfully I won the game but I…
buying was a mistake
Prem POTM what do you think and how much much will he be
Aubameyang looks like he will be eensive! Sick card tho!
Aubameyang is your POTM! ️
Prediction was right POTM today aubameyang looks solid
Aubameyang as player of the month what a joke it should be a Liverpool player
So I win the game -2, game ended but the server went off before I saw the WIN sign and the coins earned. Returned…
I'm LIVE... It's FUT Champs time!
It’s auba for potm
Panic sell me these icons babyyyy🤙
𝕋𝕣𝕒𝕟𝕤𝕗𝕖𝕣 ℙ𝕣𝕠𝕗𝕚𝕥 𝕌𝕡𝕕𝕒𝕥𝕖 Friday has rolled around quickly again so it's time for another transfer prof…
wouldn’t mind anyone buying me
Let's go! Basel-City
Currently -2 on champs. of the losses was deserved he was a much better player.
GO WATCH YESTERDAYS BANGER OF A VIDEO! INSANE FUT CHAMPS REWARDS *INFORM WALKOUT* - Fifa Pack Opening!️️…
Should I buy today?
A lil profit made today
made me throw my controller, I never done this before, it's so frustrating this game
One tournament! One winner! Come and launch the with us, as the true universe of gamers will be born this w…
- who believes the undeniable truth? The games are so clearly in favour of one team it’s insulting to say it’s not a thing
This was days ago. But I got robbed here. Heading accuracy can't be nerfed like this guys, it's shambolic.…
My first champs team, what we saying? in game with Kluivert up top and firmino at CAM
k probs upgrade LM do I buy Sane or try save another to get Mane?
How’s your team looking for WL this week guys? I’m super happy with mine! Grizzy and Delaney swap IG. …
My current team
Simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Mixed reviews so I'll do a poll,
Is anybody else able to apply contracts/ squad fitness etc to players/teams? It just won’t let me?
Week
FIFA Reddit: Cheap FUT ICONs Reviews - RealSport
Lucky me
FIFA Reddit: Cheap FUT ICONs Reviews - RealSport101
Best formations to use in fifa
Weekend League LIVE ON
Game time!
Who will you be grinding to get when the Icon Swaps release at pm today? …
'FIFA ': EA Reveals FIFA TOTW Squad, EA Servers Down Due To FIFA Popularity - International Business Times…
I just packed TOTW players from the Marquee Matchups SBCs + the Volta/Strong Start SBCs (I don't know which was w…
That moment when you register for another FUT champs weekend.
So my first five WL went like this. Loss, power went out while winning by goals, power went out by winnin…
Benefits of doing Advanced SBC
Fix your game !! Absolutely impossible to play WL. seconds reaction time for every movement. And no…
Down - , scored this solo beauty and finished with a - win
First game of the weekend league and this gets called for offside... HOW??? …
a content creator on thats streams thats deserves my Prime sub!
Play wrong. Take the game forward. And Break New Ground in . Out Now!
Welcome!
Can anyone help I’m struggling like mad at the moment on I’m still trying to figure out what my best format…
Play wrong. Take the game forward. And Break New Ground in . Out Now!
is beyond fixing. Joke of a fucking game
Dunk Could riase alot tonight at pm for only k great investment in my eyes check him out …
Can we talk about every single foul is a fucking yellow card?
How's everyones teams looking on ? Still looking to upgrade this team, once I can be bothered to play Div…
AGAIN!!! days in a row we get a walk out and get made to discard the pack!!
Tactics? Score more!
Just getting the stream ready for later ... Should be live at pm Don't forget to follow for notifications!…
Everyone who still has aurier could be in for some big coins if aubameyang wins follow to see who to inves…
WE ARE LIVE!! Second weekend starts now...pray for a better start than last weekend!!…
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Squad Battles for SBC ans Div RIvals Access to your preferred platform from my website!!…
Streaming WL and Trading Chilled stream today come ask questions and stuff …
welcome to the sal
welcome to the club. 🤝🇦🇷
LETS GO! Fut Champions-Tag !
Never playing draft again, I’m simply not good enough on the plus side I found Gervinho’s twin
Inform Trading 🤑🤑 bought k on Sunday, sold today for ~9k profit after tax. Buy IF Havertz / Mahrez / Ndidi on…
Fifa20----best gaming for aficionado Starting your Fifa right now 🥳️
Who rates my new LW for weekend League?
When you forget to get dressed in the morning
Fitness Glitch Removed?? -
LAST CHANCE Sign ups for Arena Clash close TODAY! FREE Qualifier for the season is TONIGHT at pm! D…
Going live in minuttes! Fut Champs all day!
Mantap gameplay
The in Numbers 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
days of streaming left in the week and already gained follwers thanks for all the support everyone it's been…
Someone buy my Figo and I’ll give you head and £5
Damn! Just completed Got myself cheeky Suarez and Marcelo
Brazilian eSports duo, and , have re-signed with the club and will represent duri…
What icon swap should I go for?
Morning, I'm pleased to be working with Cannonball Coffee. If you like seriously strong coffee and want % disco…
FIX THAT SHIT NOW PLS
Morning team &lt;3 Have a nice day &amp; good luck in fut champs. New RTG episode will go live soon. Thought my new card M…
Great stream everyone views not a bad start
Could sane from Senegal be a hidden gem if aubameyang wins you could be required to have a full african te…
Took way longer than normal! Things are way harder this year so far with the inside agent that EA hired to…
welcome to the sal
LIVE WEEKEND LEAGUE
finally
LIVE IN MINUTES! We will be on PS4 with , brought to you by !
It's FUTChamps time babyyyyyy! show your support!
Good morning! Best of luck in weekend league. Lets see the teams you guys are rocking!!
The best icon to buy with k?
Are you struggling to get better rankings in FUT Champs? Check out my latest video -&gt; An…
rocking this on some shit game
INSANE DIVISION RIVALS REWARDS! Ultimate Team via
Good working sniping filter during supply.
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post Winner drawn TOMORROW! Another comp coming up strai…
We are LIVE on playing Spook Champs is back for another week to giv…
Gameplay is shocking
LIVE FUT CHAMPIONS !!! PACK OPENING !!! …
Fuck off, Mertens is down from &gt;520 and now , fuck this ea messing up the market shit. Also should've sold
/6 games last night won with these up top. Switched to a -1-2-1-2 (2) and it’s made such a difference. Also swi…
I won a game in weekend league and ofcourse ea throw me out again and i lost my weekend league game and my AGAIN…
Good luck to everyone that’s in fut champs plz prey for me lol
I think aubameyang could win Could we see some of these sbc requirements again
Playing the new Pro evo demo oh my god it's now so much better than it's like comparing men with a football…
No words 🤣
Gameplay ruined these servers will be the downfall of replace latency bars with ping c’mon it’s …
SBC Fodder Buy Time! s = coins s = coins s = K s = K s = K s = K s = K A Good time…
This is football
Great way to start with this
Fut champs is in full swing
FIFA TOP AND FUNNY MOMENTS …
Can no1 see that the st owner thing is way of ensuring you buy fifa points. ENCOURAGING GAMBLING! It…
Watch 's first EVER game of
Good profit from the marquee matchups
Viewers Red FUT Champs Pick is back... you guys decide which red pick I have to take🥵 ⭐️Catch up on full PMRTG ep…
All set for the typhoon weekend . Nothing else to do except watch sport until my eyes bleed. May also pick up on the way home 🤔
Sick match this was. Woah what a rollercoast ride.
POTM EPL Dropping today at pm uk cant wait who will you want to win follow for investment tips for your ultimate team
WE ARE LIVE AGAIN! Fut champs | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Rivals…
Having to temporarily disable bookings for coaching due to overwhelming demand. Will hopefully be re-opened again next week.
WE ARE NOW LIVE! RAGE!
I love how one player from each team starts in their corner flag from kick off, it bamboozled the AI... Just one th…
GIVEAWAY!!! How about this for some to get you through to the weekend? For your chance to win a…
I can’t remember the last time Liverpool was my default team on FIFA what a team we have.
Who’s everyone want?
We are LIVE on - P2W FUT Champs - RTG FUT Champs Can we improve on last week? Let's goooooo…
Another brand new pro clubs video is now live! Some of our dumbest conversations included.. DUMBEST PRO CLUBS GA…
Later tonight we have dropping, come December who do you see still fitting in your team? …
Ninian FC fail to qualify for FUTCHAMPS this week. However Sylvester Stallone has a message for all the players and…
Today’s investments! MED BUDGET: x Alex Telles 🇧🇷 at k = k x Paulinho 🇧🇷 at k = k LOW BUDGET: …
HOURS STREAM! I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
Going live with FIFA RTG FUT - RTG- Div Rivals Squad Battles &amp; bronze pack method
Only reason i want him in my UT
Streaming some fut champions! Come join me!
G coming along nicely it’s just a shame I’m controlling them 🤣 Jorginho IF sold so we will get Robertson LB and…
Who’s ready for in bros!! Let’s hope it’s a promo to remember this year
Any improvements before I start WL? k to spend.
Why is the companion app always down every mins.
My huge luck is still on fire
Hmm, Tokens for a drogba Gotta be some eensive SBC tokens ... surely?
Live at :30pm AEDT....
Yesterday was another great day for the Be sure to drop a like and follow for the next batch of inves…
Which team is better? (Obviously the formation and player positions change in game) Left it Right?
First game of FUT champions and i'm playing squads worth k + Pay to win at it's finest, fucking shambles.....
Keep an eye on this guy! Makes some good coin
Show me your Fifa teams for FUT Champs and I’ll rate them out of , here’s mine
Happy FUT Icon swap day, remembered to keep my loan cards being 'first owners' to grind those early objectives!…
The boys are ready! Will be live later on this morning once the Mrs is out of bed...
Any players out there they can help me finally complete the Puzzle Master with the above squad??
With fifa is better.
Hello .. Am I a tough competition for you in terms of pack luck today? Much love
This will be my team for this WL. Wanna be as liquid as possible to have coins to buy on Sunday. What team do you…
Any changes to be made?
EA releasing these First owner icon objectives
Can anyone tell me what’s the problem with career mode? I want to buy FIFA ,but a lot of people saying that there…
Time to try
How can this be legal?! The gamemode is completely broken. Surely this can be brought to the attention of Trading S…
I’m starting to become very very impatient and I think we can all agree we’ve been very patient …
Ready for
Morning guys!! POTM today?! If you guys didn't join the discord yet you still have time, just dm me! All my tips…
literally don't touch champs, just got dc'd as soon as the guy rage quit ! Cheers
FIFA Stats app
Hello .. I just packed him. Should I put him up on the transfer list now or hold onto him for better pr…
STAY AWAY FROM CHAMPS! GAMEPLAY IS SLOWER THAN RIVALS
Weekend league team is ready🤙🤙 what's everyones team looking like this weekend? …
New: Electronic Arts announced has surpassed million players since it launched on Sept for the Ninten…
my Team now:
Another Friday...another weekend of Hell Champs !!!!! Better not delay again cos times last week was…
Elite this weekend lads I can feel it
Morning, let's see those weekend league teams
Packed him from marquee matchups.. Can you just say a hi and make my day better.. Big fan
Always do Marquee Matchups on Hoh-Yeah!
anyone know if ultimate scream is out today? Or is it next week?
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
NEW VIDEO Like, Comment &amp; Subscribe! All Support Greatly Appreciated. DIVISION RIVALS &amp; WEEKEND LEA…
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Good luck on your Weekend League everyone!
Trying To Score A Corner In Fifa
USMNT for Nations League opener 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Has Already Hit Million Players 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Alright traders need help. These were all the notable first owner cards I packed yesterday from champs and rivals.…
Morning everyone. Its day!!
Watch another game play: On Twitch:
Watch another game play: On Twitch:
Let's get started.
First investment is hakim ziyech he is rated already need for the flashback sbc as he is one of the cheapest …
FIFA Has Already Hit Million Players - GamingBolt
My team for FUT champs, (4231 in game) I might change it a bit if I’m not liking it.
Hope you all have a great weekend league, good luck and keep me updated how you get on!
YES! Our first HUGE pack pull on the Grind to Goat series!
SUBSCRIBERS! You guys are legends! Can we reach the ?? …
For the first time since , Iranian women were able to attend a soccer game. Results: 🇮🇷Iran Cambodia🇰🇭…
With the second FUT champs weekend league just about to kick off we are going live to do a k fifa point pack openi…
Buy that + Informs k for your club + and under Informs k from top leagues or top nations before B…
The first Icon swaps tonight at pm uk release time hopefully you all have some coins saved up as i will be releasi…
Good luck if you have any intentions on playing DROP BACK CHAMPS This is my squad currently, what squad are you r…
Kwasi Wriedt 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Ultimate Team: Current players who will become FUT ICONs in the future – Messi, Ronaldo &amp; more.…
What can we eect today? -86s ⬆️ because of BPL Potm (Wilson) -Icon Swaps: maybe some panic selling of + meta…
How will you be able to get the icons in icon swaps?
Welcome to the CLUB! 🇵🇱 🤙
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!Dm u…
Good luck with fut champs everyone remember it's just a game keep calm let's hope for a delay free weekend Premi…
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!!Dm…
Had to do it
Conceded nd minute
Sure, if stationed true positions
New FIFA Ultimate Team Team Of The Week!🇦🇷
Fifa is hopeless at this point. Y'all need to see this.
UK Deals: £160 off Philips Fidelio X2HR High Resolution Headphones, PureVPN -Year Subscription for £2 per M…
Time to make history under our new RAZZLERS badge …
Good luck to those of you playing WL.
First Icon !!!!! Got Koeman in Div Rival Reward! OMG!
Got k any upgrade ideas?
is so fucking fun lol
One tournament. One winner!!!... come launch the with us as the true universe of gamers will be born this w…
PCN Season is around the corner &amp; Ajax is kicking off Our st Campaign. EVERY Wednesday and Sunday nights pm e…
What when FIFA simulates the Hyundai A-League /20 Season? - Hyundai A-League
Quick Pack opening stream incoming boys!! FUT Champs WL Rewards &amp; DIV Rivals Rewards Lets see what we get for ou…
After playing several games with each in , I much prefer Carvajal to Semedo - Carvajal is a lot more stout d…
A was found in : suspicions of user data leakage and harsh criticism from players. I wonder h…
Stream going live at for more FUT champs
Here it is. The new and improved Cold Lasagna FC. Had to work in that Immobile somehow
games, goals with assist at CAM. I'm gonna upgrade to TOTW Mahrez when price dropped.
Ready for WL. Road to -0
The physics of is broken. The only way to win games is to have outside mids that have at least pace. It'…
FIFA | MARQUEE MATCHUPS SBC | italy vs greece| COMPLETED | by gaming mafia via …
results were wins with games left to play, I got tired... Here were my rewards 🤓 I will…
So I just played a game and this will be the weirdest thing you will ever hear me say “That game was too smooth I couldn’t play it”
FIFA | MARQUEE MATCHUPS SBC | denmark vs switzerland| COMPLETED | by gaming mafia via…
This should be called FIFA Europe 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
As we are getting more and more Special cards Tech Avion is becoming more effective. These are actually my target c…
FIFA | MARQUEE MATCHUPS SBC | norway vs spain| COMPLETED | by gaming mafia via …
WHAT IF ICONS WERE IN FIFA CAREER MODE | SIGNING RONALDINHO IN FIFA CAREER MODE - Ma…
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
Someone please elain what is going on. It did this for a while and then dc ed both of us
just uploaded a new video to my new youtube channel go check out I opened packs got some walk out …
GREAT REWARDS STREAM GUYS!! We got some great players to get us a solid K+ PROFIT!! Insane Pack Pulls from Rewar…
What y’all think ? Good or nah
I honestly thought he was playing this weekend, but he’s actually playing until Next Saturday on the th . But no…
It’s a bit disrespectful you guys sacked me after all those good signings and a fairly good season
This is exactly how is gonna lead us to the That left dagger is legendary &gt;&gt;
Lost the game yet somehow won!
The FIRST top goals of the month is here! See who made the cut! …
lmao i just beat this kid -0
... folks I think it's time to banded next year's fifa... until they figure out how to make the game ..great again...
We're hosting Ecuaaa on Mixer playing ! Connect with them!
So satisfying beating a team in guy had a full icon team pretty much and got dismantled in div …
*GIVEAWAY* ONLY CODES LEFT We are live over at playing some Come watch s…
How to take your FIFA game to the next level 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Someone run it on !!!
Team so far hopefully be able to afford Bernardo Silva after a few games, for a casual with like less than games…
FIFA - Liverpool VS Liverpool [1280x1080] [Full Gameplay] via …
I can’t wait for the SBC Flashback card on
Welcome to handicap.
Am really liking this squad. Maybe try it on your rtg if all else fails 🤷‍️
Hidden value is best value lol
Common EA!!!
Just packed
Me complaining about fifa only to go play another match. 🤡
Best goalkeepers FIFA : wonderkids to sign - Red Bull
INDIA vs SOUTH AFRICA in FIFA ! Watch: . . . . . …
Could anyone help me build a team? Really wanna try use Walcott and my player pick Gomez. Any help would be appreci…
What you think of this team? (4) in game with Bernardo Silva playing as a CM.. Mertens RW and.. Ngl just realise…
VOLTA FOOTBALL + MARQUEE MATCHUPS SBC - Fifa Ultimate Team via
I love this game so much
FIFA PACK OPENING! WALKOUT IN A k PACK!!! via
Brah James Maddison is a baller on this game
Didnt eect him to do it tbh
Hoping to get wins this weekend with this squad.
Alright you’ve gone too far! Game-Breaking bugs like this still exist in career mode? Possibly the mo…
Just look at the goalie. This game is shambles.
WHEN YOU PACK A FUCKING IN A PACK !!!!!!! ALSO ROCKING THE JERSEY MAKES HIM LOOK EVEN…
Are the FIFA servers extra shit for anyone else tonight? Getting disconnected and latency games every time...
Brah I didn't even know there was a boxing celebrations before I banged another goal in
Create face
How do you not break the controller after this
we are live with some more action carrying on with the squad battles grind and then some Div rivals. come w…
from the bottom of my heart, your game is shit
If I finish ELITE in this weekend league, next week huge Fifa points giveaways... Show me some love and support
Jadon Sancho supersub is totally sick
Thanks to everyone who stopped by the stream at some point tonight! Shoutout for stepping up and playing…
Anyone on ️ fancy got mic ️ add The-cod-god-jay …
Fun stream tonight! Can’t leave my boy out of the starting XI. Thanks so much to the man…
Finally finished the Hybrid League! Let’s see what happens.. pray for me 🤞
I was trying to snipe some players for a cheaper price to make some profit later in the I got kicked out of FUT I’m…
Couple of temporary changes to the squad this week seen as I didn’t make enough from rewards to get the team I want…
BEST FIFA PLAYER!!! We are live over at playing some Come watch some pro…
Pack opening, SBC's, Rivals, and CHAMPS!? Let's have a great night! LIVE NOW:
sorry but this must be said. Players standing around not moving, sluggish slow stuck in the m…
EMERGENCY PACK OPENING STREAM NOW cause I need coins REALLY BAD and I want them on the market tomorrow
EA announces eLaLiga competition 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Blue card Gazzaniga is a good investment but he’s extinct
EA's choice of creating in is disgusting. They are trying to increase their audience by pand…
Ready for first fut champs of the year.
After Packing Salah and a few decent pulls we have upgraded.. What do you think ?
My team for the weekend league ! How’s it looking ?
What up my dudes! I am feeling festive and got the Halloween theme going lol Check it. Oh also its rewards time!!…
Just had a couple of games then online. Felt like it was on steroids. Game play was so quick and sped up.
Please paste an F in the comments that i need to sell this Legend because i need the coins :/ …
Thrilled to pack this beauty today in my rewards! About time my luck changed! …
My first ever walkout after so many pack
Just made somebody quit at ’ score was -1
DELETED IT
Holy fucking shitballs
Fifa shit.
So I've been messing around with my team turning it into a st owner and this is the best i could come up with…
New Fifa Pro Clubs video is up now! The laugh just never stop in this game mode …
I don’t know why but every time I’m going to get promoted, my players become the dumbest and my opponent’s…
FIFA Career Mode: Best young right backs (RB) to sign - Alexander-Arnold, Wan-Bissaka &amp; more - RealSport …
How rewards are treating me
NEW RTD WE OUT GOING UP CHECK OUT THE CHANEL SUB TO JOIN ME ON THE JOURNEY …
Rocking back and forth in corner at am like a drug addict because I’ve lost all my best players on ultimate team .
FIFA | MARQUEE MATCHUPS SBC | france vs turkey| COMPLETED | by gaming mafia via …
Another shit cunt. Luckily Robertson was in the same pack though
If you aren’t gambling with Division Rival packs, are you really living?
FIFIA Has Reached Million Players and EA Is Rewarding Everyone With Goodies 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
. .. FUT CHAMPIONS ..i'm ready
Crazy Cheap and Meta/OP Squads for | k/50k/100k Squad Options! | |
🆕 Flashback cards predictions! ⏪
Epic goal i ever scored in . The goalie had no way . …
Check out our Grips! The Paw Grips are trusted and used by across the world and will help you have a…
Up until this point i had no server problems on ...im finally dealing with it and Division Rivials is unplayable. BAD TIMES MANN
WE ARE LIVE FOR REWARDS!!!! - Gold rewards - Division rewards - marque matchups and SBC's - Maybe gameplay???…
Customer 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Opinions on my UT?
Next big purchase ready for futchamps! Who are you bringing in this weekend? …
Just put hunters on the market sold in seconds lol
One of your tokens.
I’ll be going LIVE am today on PS4 with , brought to you by !
Highest player I’ve packed in . Too bad pace is king
online starts lagging - again - after my house manager assured me she fixed the internet speed issue I had…
Icon Swap Tokens available to get
I'm Live on Twitch! Fifa packs on packs!
Yo sort out your shit. I grind the for the Season Objectives and several times now after I rank up…
I skip pack and get my first icon in any fifa!!!!! I was screaming like an animal!!! …
Nice little ,068,000 sale by the end!
I wanna hear from you guys! Comment below the video telling me YOUR rewards.
Thank you so much for the insane viewers host today much appreciated hope you had a great stream
Just re bought and used Lacazette in rivals games and have goals &amp; assists.. absolutely sensational player in…
World of Warcraft Running of the Gnome race to raise money for breast cancer research - Daily Star
The best celebration in FIFA ..
Check out Rivals
Icon Swaps tomorrow! Follow to stay up to date with all Swap tokens!
Gameplay News advertisement
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Squad Battles for SBC ans Div RIvals
Finally fuck sake
My best pull on FIFA at the moment! via
chill stream tonight. Probably going to be a bit of a shorter stream too! Let's try not to rage too much at…
Anyone rate Willian over Richarlison on ? And how is Wijnaldum? I have Sissoko and Ndombele so trying him at…
There are ICON SWAP tokens.
Live on ! Climbing Arena, taking a mental break from before Weekend League starts tomorrow! Lets…
I’m so pumped for icon swaps tomorrow, just hope it doesn’t require a bunch of grinding and stuff or it’s not TOO hard
PULLED my first ever TOTW!!!!
Pro Clubs Head is back! Many thanks to and for the tip!
Packed Garrincha in Rivals rewards last night and made this team for Weekend League🥵 I think I’m just proving a poi…
LA Academy products Adam Saldaña and Kobe Hernandez-Foster named to the US U-17 ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
When FIFA TOTW Come Out? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Can't sleep as thinking about WL teams... here is my current temptation... This is in-game &amp; i use -5-1 to get a…
Watch BEST Formations and Custom Tactics for Weekend League - With Full Division Rivals Game Play and Dis…
Super sub Bos Dost getting the objectives done.
We back familia!! Jumping back on some Fifa till the rest of the squad gets on for some pro clubs come hang out and…
Filmed our second career mode episode for !
How bad can these Fifa servers be ! I swear opponents worsen than me win smh
PSA: Turning in circles relentlessly is not a skill move and you are not as good as you think you are. We n…
Day : Still nothing...
What when FIFA simulates the Hyundai A-League /20 Season? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Just done a madness
We try again!!! We are LIVE!!! I WANT THAT PUKKI EMOTE!!!!!!
Who’s ur September POTM?
Gaming Frog weekly series (Week ) Xbox winner -&gt; congrats!! Thanks to all participants
'FIFA ' Hits Miami &amp; LA to Celebrate New VOLTA FOOTBALL Mode
OMG OMG OMG ITS ACTUALLY HAPPENING This is what the Swap Tokens will look like. (The things we have to colle…
Thanks for the support but if you missed it! ️
Skill defensiva
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account for a…
Please note that this is NOT confirmation at all. It might come tomorrow, it might come next week.
Shock another new team before WL
Lets goooo
"I don't think there was a lot he could've done about that"
Tomorrow could be POTM after all. I’m always hesitant to call things outright without finding evidence to supp…
Thanks everyone for the follows! Close to goal lets get it FIFA TIME!
Now that looks a lot better!!
I'm seeing some bullshit about defence system of ... If you can't adopt it, there's "old defending system"…
My brother crossed in the ball and his teammate didn’t head it, he screamed “I spammed circle” lmaooo
Turns out we might get POTM tomorrow after all....
Check out my channel i post seasons gameplay for fifa
My first FUT draft win...Finally lmaooo
Starting The Night On Ending On Drop In &amp; Catch Some Games! ️
My team for the nd Weekend League Don't know if i want to play Promes + Haps or Robertson + Fraser 🤔
Can’t wait for this again when I wake up!
DAWG POUND IS OPENING GET IN HERE …
Here is your daily reminder, FIFA is a bag of fucking shit.
FIFA left baffled by stats of Newcastle&amp; Longstaff brothers 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
First decent clip of ’s
we move 🤑
Anyone know if it's possible to add stadiums using mods on FIFA? ?
Team feels great looking forward to playing tomorrow Hit m TP almost m after tonight’s mess k liquid s…
Wait fut champ
hours till WL and the board of George Cook FC is having a club clearout
gameplay is super trash, career mode’s got way too many glitches, and the button delay online is irritating. Worst edition ever!
Best draft rewards ever
Just saved pens in a row and missed in a row to score the th on sudden death
I was going to stay up late play played games can't manage anymore as game is awful. Passing is poor, the…
Drunk mass sale of my entire Ultimate Team? Ruh roh
Yo thanks for tweeting me when scored ... he’s currently down to k
Close enough
The fifa gods repay me
Fifa 's First Weekend League!! Come say hi in chat. &lt;3
Your boi is live!! New Squad upgrades! v against viewers and Rivals …
Offline Draft Rewards are the worst they need to fix them if not ppl will never touch this mode …
Anyone else’s pro clubs games not counting sometimes? Just won a game -1 and it’s not shown up after the game?
Thinking about making a content creator chat for YouTubers and football fans. Who would be down to join?🤔
don’t test me there
Weekend league ready
Chu needs to grow up
Brought in Aguero to the team this evening and can't find him in game at all. Been completely useless in four games…
Average stats from today's rival matches- Winning percentage- % Possession- % Shots on target- 4 Goals- …
I wanna be mad at , but my rivals rewards got me if semedo , than MM got me neuer , dembele , n adama . I w…
Get ready because tomorrow I have weekend league for team looking tough! See you guys tomorrow stay tune…
That's better
has reached million players and EA is celebrating by rewarding everyone with Volta Coins and new Squad B…
Considering starting a petition to teach Martin Tyler pronunciation of players names, teams and basic words like Ar…
HOLY SHIT
I've actually grew to like fifa , but there is still some slight issues, crossing and headers being one of them.…
Someone please buy him I can’t Stand looking at his face anymore
Tournament coming soon! $1000 in cash prizes. …
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Just Havertz things...
FIFA Download PC
Weekend League Team mit Viera …
Ok rant time about there is legitimately so much wrong with this game. Delay is the biggest issue in the ga…
If I could be arsed I am still on for Top in Squad Battles - is it really worth the effort?? I am currently /…
Last stream for the week, Going to be grinding some FUT again, so far its been a rollercoaster eerience. Stream s…
I wish that they had kept the journey instead of Volta. It’s an absolute mess.
Jon has weaponized his afk behavior
the guy next to me on the bus is playing companion app LOL
My team going into my first fut champs weekend. Aiming gold . Let's see what happens
Good shit, clone
My team looking NASTYYY
The First Owner objectives we get tomorrow won't become a chore unless we make it a chore. Lets all try and do thes…
FIFA Ultimate Team Rivals Rewards we’re very kind to me. Gold - Player Electrum Pack &amp; Mega Pack 🤭 …
Nice
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW RIVALS DIVISION DECIDER! - FIFA Ultimate Team
I'm so shit on the new Fifa that even my week old dog could beat me, it is proper pissing me off
Someone please get me a copy of FIFA20 or PES20 ,
With Mod Pass, you can run a Generator that earns you VC while you sleep.
Yo live in boys! REAWRDS INC!!!! -Rival Rewards -Fut Champ Rewards -Player pick packs
Mood
FIFA sees million players in three weeks 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Nashville SC hosting FIFA Tournament at UT on Sunday 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
JUST PACKED MBAPPE from marquee matches!!!
LIVE on playing in minutes opening a bunch of SBC and reward packs from FUT Champs and Div Rivals…
Someone tell me why you would buy a champions league card at this stage. I mean they are the same stats but blue. D…
Prep for . Don't overinvest, just be prepared. …
ok so I just built my new team and the video is scheduled for am uk time tomorrow. Here is the team that I'm aimi…
% thought it was Messi, nearly shit myself
Forgot to tweet this earlier but I got red Theo Hernandez from my rewards who I actually wanted to try out this wee…
Help me
Playing my first ever weekend league this weekend on as a few of my housemates are away. Bring it on! 🤣
coming at you now! Harry Kane TONIGHT!!! Let's go!
LIVE! EA RELEASED CONTENT! - - SBCs - TRADING - WL SQUADS …
Switching over to Career Mode to laugh at how broken it is springs to mind! haha! Nah seri…
Please fix the error when submitting sbcs EA. Been there since launch ffs
Hey , I hope you’re doing great. I would like a refund for the game I received.. I had order in-fact o…
I’ve spent around k today on SBC fodders and PL players for tomorrow, wish me luck 🤞
Der Boss &amp; !
Not played for a few days. Played it for minutes suddenly remembered why I don't play it. Will buy pes at…
Squad morale is the worst thing EA have ever introduced to career mode
Ayy got my first walkout of n tbh I eected better but fuck it
Don’t you just love beating cocky people on cause I sure do
Just packed
Fifa20 mad o. Pro de learn work. Monkey post things.
Wowee from Marquee matchups holy yes that’s what I like to see 🤯🤩
Ads for fifa saying real people isn't actual gameplay, I mean come on for fuck sake, like duh!
Werner's agent is wearing a Lazio badge
Fifa &gt; Fifa Don’t waste your money kids
G. WL ready🤙
Lads I have about k to improve for qualifiers.... what would you do?
It’s rewards time on the No Money RTG. Swing by now!!! …
is class once you turn off assisted jockeying. Problem solved.
Surely not?
Son is the real deal.
Was down -1 bout to head to nd half, knew I had to score. Ended up tying before the st half finished and the nd…
The Bundesliga section of the Piszczek SBC can be done for less than k with no loyalty or position modifiers. Su…
In the mega pack packluck
Gold up love
Team looks weekend league ready 🥰
Mendy is higher rated than angelino and yet only beats him in a defending stat
Redlist!
So I’m on my way back from a work night out and going to gamble tradable packs for my rewards. It’s probably insane…
× Hernandez 🇫🇷 -67k × Mahrez 🇩🇿 -16k × Totw Adama 🇪🇸 k × Coman 🇫🇷 k Hopefully I'll have sold a…
What an amazing goal!!
Best team ive used so far, need k for Militao, any players you recommend ?
New team! Weekend league ready. k in bank still. Thoughts?
from the Volta SBC... for a sec I thought I packed Mbappe and I bought him min ago
that one time you pick the untradeable rewards 🤣
I don't care what everybody says but this game is worse than FIFA ...
Geezers Club
Drop your squad for Fut Champs imo
Big Weekend League tomorrow .....need to get verification, give me some blessed matchmaking
That anthem that goes off when a Madrid player scores at the bernabeu
WHO WANTS PONITS!?!? REWEET THIS AND TAG FRIENDS MUST SUBSCRIBE TO AN…
Xbox turned off on me mid game but we back on! Tune in …
FIFA Player Count Hits Million - DualShockers
Not baddddd ! ‍️️️
waiting patiently to pack my first fut20 icon and walkout...my pack luck is baaaad!!!🥺
From an SBC... 🤤
Idk why ppl over bid like maniac. You can literally buy this guy for -29K buy now.
Forget about Logan Paul vs KSI fight... the real fight about to happen over on Sierra's stream on FIFA ...…
INSANE FUT CHAMPS REWARDS *INFORM WALKOUT* - Fifa Pack Opening!️️ …
This weekends team!
Ah shit here...
When everybody sells, we buy!
Me booting up thinking they've fixed it....
Who should I upgrade for Weekend League?? Got k + money from selling player to replace. Also should I sell Obla…
REWEET THIS MUST SUBSCRIBE TO AND FOLLOW ME! (I WILL CHECK)…
ICYMI - I uploaded the th episode of my RTG, packing my first walkout in the process! Check it out here if…
Hate to say this but I’ve found a game worse than F1..
EA SERVERS ARE DOWN ONCE AGAIN! via EA SERVERS ARE DOWN!
ANOTHER FUT Draft Final. Going for Drafts in a row!
Well the and last updates, reflect the weakness of . even basses and players sprints are gettin…
Buying this back for this weeks weekend league easily the best team I've used so far this fifa
Sold him some hours after rewards and made some coins, should've bought more.
I can finally upgrade my team guys packs paid off tonight I got Mane ... oh wait
Yoo ’s Zulu Screams made it to the soundtrax
I'm ready for war. Let's go.
Enjoyable stream again this evening fellas! Unfortunate not to get into D1, played some good players but hopefully…
Weekend League ready
Couldn't find a GIF of a bigger piece of shit that sums up Absolutely broken and unplayable at ti…
FIFA is unplayable. Unenjoyable. Football game my fucking ass. - Players feel as slow as turtles - Feels like…
When people go to play PES EA:
tournament happening now.
Gonna have my rewards stream in a bit plus play against viewers be free to check in ️
Going live in with Episode of my Leeds United Fifa career mode on Twitch. …
Who’s everyone’s best pack pull this year? I’ll start:
Some key Loons will get late start on MLS Cup training 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
USMNT Nations League Campaign Against Cuba In Washington, DC 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Three Sounders named to United States U-17 men&amp; national team roster for FIFA U-17 ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
Andre : Brazil will do a great job as tournament organisers 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
*FIFA * ROAD TO DIVISION ! &amp; SBC via I’m still live guys…
AMAZING FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team via
double upload talking about and some investments.
Fans are absolutely baffled by Sean and Matty Longstaff's statistics in FIFA …
Welcome to !
Me: *Winning -0 with only shot* My opponent: *Equalises with his th shot of the game* Me: …
Going two goals up, or them having a man sent off, is so counter productive on FIFA . Seems to give the oppositio…
Live with a lot of bronze pack opening on
At followers i will giving away a month xbox live card so make sure too follow …
hella moola to be made
Solid MM performance tonight Anyone else pack anything decent today?
Successfull day on the market, made a solid k size step on our
⁦⁩ care to elain this to me? Your game has so many bugs it’s becoming unplayable sort it out…
mount se balade ‍️
Can somebody tell me why my pro player went from being a star dribbler to having zero stars? …
following in its predecessors footsteps with “Realistic” Transfers! (Season )
Not regretting giving a pass this year and going with the gameplay is far superior, just a way mor…
My team for this Weekend League! Goretzka gets subbed on for Jesus.
Gaming Frog weekly series (Week ) tournament is starting in mins. We'll be restreaming on…
IS SHIT and literally the least fun I’ve had on a computer game.
FIFA OMG! Pack Opening.... kidding...I'm Making Beats …
Thanks marquee matchups.
Got k should I do the piszkek sbc and it’s be piszkek, VVD and otw ndombele, Aguero and make an k team or ma…
Ready for war !!!
I can't wait for this lot to not be required for the prem POTM tomorrow and to be left stuck with them …
Thanks for recent follows, this page is still in its early stages. شكرا جزيلا
The comment section has my dying lmaooo
As every year here is the discard of my team (3 million) CUNT GAME
Hey there &amp;
If FIFA wanted to sum itself up in a video this is it. Gimmicky load of shite.
Might fuck around and make some FIFA videos ... ️ 🥅
Was thinking of buying him to use on chem CB on the RTG! I posted a poll on youtube (under the community tab of m…
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished FGL Admins : Barcelona ST in goal, GK playing S…
Forget the huge input delay, lack of decent content etc, the biggest issue with imo is the fact that this d…
FUTChamps tomorrow with this 🤦‍️ wish me luck
K in coins for this bad boy
When you open your fut champs rewards and don’t even get a board
I have about -500k, any ideas for finishing this team?
Which icon should I get for million ?? …
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account for a…
I can’t turn the console off on a loss. Need to finish on a win. I’m not the only one right?!
Current Weekend League team.
Apologies for the lack of updates, been so busy. Hummels was up a tonne Telles is down a little Oscar at k …
in a nutshell
JUST PACKED MESSI OMG
Bad evening on FIFA - knocked out of FA Cup th Round by Millwall and dropped to th in the play off scrap
Go check out my latest FIFA video which goes into depth on how to start trading with ic…
Thank you for this beautiful game...It‘s in the game...Your motto finally make sense
After getting wins in st WL just gone (Pic1) It was time for upgrades (Pic2)
Hey Familia I’m going live and playing some Fifa and opening some packs before dinner come hang out and let’s ge…
FIFA players, what’s the best CDM (Icon) for you ? I’m about to invest! What u think about Desailly ?
Any Premier League team fighting relegation. Sam Allardyce:
The fact is came down to penalties for me to win this is disgusting
&amp; gold upgrades
Cheap Alternatives to Robertson at …
So last week was a little naff for the first weekend league of getting only gold So for this …
who want sum smoke
We as the community for we like to complain a lot. Lets try another exercise with constructive feedback.…
Your guide to 's team on
Be careful buying icons for your team right now! Icon swap is coming tomorrow and as being the first time coming we…
So i have all Sbc's done and i have not packed a single walkout from all of my packs I got, my pack luck is this…
Literally sittin here wishin I was playing rn but Im not due to the issues. They're literally giving us not…
is by far the worst game i've played in , even worse than and i hated that piece of shit…
Weekend league ready 🤪
Has anyone actually scored a header off a corner this year?
Say what??? Since when is this available for us mortals?
People wasting time in Rivals on Drop Back from the first min is why I am not enjoying Can we get a nerf t…
Back from work. I see a lot went down this evening in FUT .
Check out this new skill move
"That's why they call him fishy because he loves the chips" - Martin Tyler Don't know what's worse that joke, or the game.
New updated look, packs been kind to me today. Nice team for stress-free Gold finish
Arsenal fans wishing he could this in real life 🤔🤭
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO &lt;3
Great goal by
What's your best pack so far!
Ranking de ventas en septiembre: - PS4 - XBOX - SWITCH
The packs are ready to be opened in our Road to glory LIVESTREAM guys let’s hope for some pack luck 🤞…
The silliest gameplay ever “developed” in history!!! Through balls, dribbling, defence, free ki…
How many tackles do you have to make this year? I made about and the ball bounced right back to my opponent and... he scored
FIFA CAREER MODE | REBUILDING MAN UTD | EPISODE Episode of 'Rebuilding Man Utd' is now out! Please support…
We finally done it!
LIVE Streaming some Pro clubs with the team then off to fut rivals to get our fut champs qual…
Can anyone make me a -500k team? Any formation.
Fabian Schar is a god
The same as Sarabia you fucking donkeys 🤡🤡🤡
If were a Country, then it would had the most corrupt tax system ever. Pay for everything 🤷‍️
What a wonderful moments 🥺️
selling fifa points Fifa Buying this will allow you to get fifa points added to your account free o…
Lost my freekick virginity
️⃣ Goal ️⃣ Assists for | |
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!!Dm…
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!!!Dm…
Last WL highlights turn into tonight's rewards! Check out PTV at :30pm U.S central to see what we get! …
I’m the worst Fut investor on the planet. I bought a load of Lozano’s when he was k eecting him to rise for the…
I keep disconnecting from whilst playing division rivals and FUT champions. My wifi is mbps download an…
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
Well the rewards were good for me!!! We packed informs, walk outs, a tradable laca baby!!! Let’s go!!!!!…
man I was buying Son to complete the team I showed you early today guys and then I realized that with the profit I…
Going live on youtube to test latest Fifa sliders from from
‼️Weekly Sale is back on G2A, Sale up to %‼️ Check it out: …
Opinion on career mode this year, the press conferences and player interactions,although glitchy and some grammatic…
Sold IF mane and got this, looks insane, one on right is what I change to ingame
Players that haven’t been in my club keep appearing on my transfer list and I load up the game with more coins🤔🤔
I know Spurs aren't in a good form IRL but this is a whole different level... Career Mode is so broken
Really happy with the content today, how bout you guys?
Our Dutch teams wins the Euro qualifier -1 against N-Ireland. Great goal by Luuk de Jong saved us and peop…
Time for us to have some raging and chill time. Come join us at
FIFA Download PC
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR Belgium scored … Can be anyone…. (!)
Boys ️ up -0 vs Glen Landing Goal by Landon Sentak!
FIFA Download PC
Need help! What Icon ST do I put in on the right? k budget. Would prefer not to spend quite that much …
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished FGL Admins : Man City Man City very hard done…
We are Live!! FIFA FUT Champion Rewards, Opening Subscribers Rewards as well on stream!! Flashb…
Well weekend league and Rivals rewards was aload of shit packs not one walkout and they gave me same rated play…
Wolves&amp;; Traore seems satisfied after receiving FIFA upgrade 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
This says a lot about how poo FIFA is this year. user score
THIS PACK LUCK IS GETTING EMBARRASSING MY RTG IS RICH. CHECKOUT MY CHANNEL LINK IN BIO
Had some good fun this evening with . Learning all the time from the guys in the chat, especially on tactics…
Selling a maximum of million coins on ps4 or xbox. Dm me!
Holly shit
Wont be in champs this weekend.. To some up my stream heres a video below Losing to a better a player but when yo…
What should be my next upgrade?
How was everyones mega pack from the Volta Football sbc anything good ?
Live playing some tune in and chill in the chat
When you’re losing -0 on FIFA and your mate insists on watching the celebration and replay
When the First Owner objectives are coming...
The tourney is underway. players entered and only will walk away with the prize pack.
Not bad for a pack in marquee matchups
What’s going on ? I can’t apply any consumables to my players on FUT. I even restarted the game and no…
Poor start! | Road to Glory | via
Marquee matchups paying out! One of the best I’ve had! Ever!
Looks like my Career Mode.
massive mistakes made by . We let Chris Willock (Joe’s bro) leave who could’ve had a great career with us…
WE ARE LIVE! Notification Squad! ️
Discord is on the money today 🤑
Maddison is OP
New episode of Serie A Glory is now live!!!!! Don't forget I am live tomorrow night at…
FUT DRAFT FINAL
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
Y’all were hating on the content 🤦‍️ ... Trust in Jamey
Fifa gameplay is so poor! It’s weeks in and the game is dead already!
Excuse the shitty booster card I bought it like that but U WOT M8. Imagine been a smoggy and not buying this tank…
Pack luck ain’t bad this year...
GOLD FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS! ARE THEY STILL OP? …
Transfer News - Pamak joins Fantasy League
Gonna illustrate some concepts for new FUT badges, if you could pick anything to be your badge.. what would it be?…
Anyone tried garrincha?? Is he worth million?? …
I’m playing . ⁦⁦⁩ - you just scored a blinder in the Champions League final!!!
Yeah... Just a bit of casual homophobia from there in the FUT AI team names on FIFA wtf? …
Norn Iron trying to pull off the Champs win with a sweaty only to get hit with the th minute glitch
Is EA Actually Going To Listen To Our Surveys On Gameplay Eerience? …
Sold already of them. Coins made on the - k. And I still have to sell.
Gold incoming....
When your cov players been on the sesh the night before and turns up in the wrong kit and ain’t got a clue where he…
OK, I get it, Lee Din did not enjoy the roll of the wingback for feck sake!
POTM is due tomorrow. BUT, this may not happen as it's international break. Although, Hazard was released durin…
claim your crown this Saturday
FIFA Download PC
New RTG &lt;3 WALKOUT + PROFIT
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY FOR ONLY K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
Soumare to Aouar and a beautiful finish. Future midfielders right here ladies and gentleman! ️ …
Fifa is going to make me pop a blood vessel. I can’t tell if players are just better these days or if there’s just…
First owner objectives has meant that a lot of people have "PANIC KEPT" instead of "PANIC SOLD" haha well done EA t…
man was k last night, think hes already back to k. under k get ya snipes!
I'm all in with the track listing on this year
I'm back to my S2 LVL form goals against similar overall is the standard that I now set for myself. Keep prac…
So this got called for offside
Packed Alexander-Arnold and Coutinho in my Div Rivals packs. Then packed Cancelo in a marquee matchup pack. LFGGGGGGGGGG
Investing in OTW is bad for my health
Can't believe EA made Netherlands leave Promes on the bench just because he has an OTW. 🤷‍️
Need help with your FUT team for WL? drop into the stream now as we are checking squads
Made some changes now we are headed to FUT Champs weekend league
DocNicklePickle is going live! YouTube: Twitch: FB page:…
pm start tomorrow again best to -1
Decided to move over to ! Come join me
Lex Artis Scores: Lex V Renaissance Lex V Impulsion good job all round! point…
Is it me or does the ball just fly over the bar everytime you header it from a corner. I scored or but times…
The game is THAT Delayed that it doesn't even register that foul , honeslty out of words fo how poor this game is a…
Performances from my opponents Goalkeeper like this are why I need
Who are the legends in the story in fifa?
From Division to league title. wins defeats. Rank: in world
Did you check out the Virgill de Krujger Announcement Video yet? via Our new man…
So someone did this to me and no foul was given what a game u guys need to do better 🤦‍️
Lewandowski ️️️ MOTM in Polonia 🇵🇱 vs Latvia 🇱🇻 🤩🇩🇪 He will surely be in the Team of the Week nr.5 …
He is coming Goals
totw incoming
is a joke... anyone for a fifa21 band . Please retweet.. fifa can't put out another game until it feels like fifa /15.
First freekick 🤪🤪
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished FGL Admins : Celta Vigo A quiet game but an ear…
Best Premier League Left-back? I had IF cresswell up until now but his pace was too poor for me, any other suggesti…
Don't be stupid like me, always sell in the hype and never buy in the hype!! Broke even on both Lukaku's cause Im stupid...
He's been subbed now so it's a small chance that he gets into
Do you VOLTA FOOTBALL SBC guys
is live! Poll was /50 so we will decide what to play lol. Happy Thursday that felt like a Friday. Time to…
Max Kruse in is a beast. Muriqi is an extremely useful target man. Garry is quite clinical with his finishi…
Went from terrible to pretty great! Wanted red Jorginho but I can live with an Immobile
IF Lewandowski?
Tech avion ️
THIS IS WHAT I GOT FOR SILVER FINISH - FUTCHAMPIONS REWARDS &amp; DIV RI…
MY FUT CHAMPION REWARDS IS NOW OUT ON YOUTUBE GO TO TO CHECK IT OUT! if you enjoyed the vid…
x Division
Episode of the Fifa Ysl Career Mode with Port Vale is here
All I’m saying is DO NOT TEST AL SHABAB
market is garbage mate. You’re paying k more for basically pace points. I know who I’d prefer…
I thought all the traders reckoned prices of in-demand cards would fly today after Rivals and Champs rewards? Look…
Em guys, its the th October and i've scored my first header directly from a corner...
Team Of The Week Jorginho. Don't mind if I do
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
ICON SWAPS TOMORROW! who are u going for?
One tournament. One winner!!!... come launch the with us as the true universe of gamers will be born this w…
This is why i hate this game, all over him, and his keeper makes saves! Joke of a game
I wasnt going to invest this weekend as im away next week but these prices got me, I'm mill deep 🤣
Finally
the amount of open bids ive won today
I can only dream of the day when a girl understands the importance of ‘im in the middle of Fifa match’
Ohhhhh myyyy god!!!!!
Squad Battles is so broken. Just lost twice in a row against Legendary AI. I’m almost in division in Rivals. All…
We’re live ladies and gentlemen! Weekend league prep &amp; SBCs
WE ARE LIVE AGAIN! GAMES | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Rivals…
Anyone is SBC Walcott worth it?
The first Fantasy League transfers of the season is a swap deal between and…
Who's should I use on FIFA ? ️ = Jose Morales = Inaki Williams
"So what you doing this weekend?" Me:
How many scans do you have held back? And do you plan on adding them? …
I’m a happy bunny
Marquee matchups weren't very profitable for me this week. But I'll take the k made from them
&amp; not of them is playing VOLTA... 🤣🤣
Is Casemiro good in
Watch game play: On Twitch:
WE ARE LIVE Its so come chat and please feel at home. I cant tell you how much this topi…
This is tedious, how they release something that's so inept. Now Hospitality settings not syncing
When i press Pass... PASS THE FUCKING BALL!!!!!
Martial is soooooooooooooo good
Hey you fucking pussies, depth drop back is not skill and it doesnt mean you are good.
New video is up guys, I signed one of my most favourite current players, -
We are live right now on come and join the fun factory
Live Right Now Streaming come drop by
Jokes aside. I watch oppo players quickly run to block passes runs and shots on AI. My team do absolutely nothing.…
[NEW VIDEOS] THAT SINKING FEELING | FIFA SOUTHAMPTON CAREER MODE Watch Here:…
Sporting KC midfielder Gianluca Busio named to United States roster for FIFA U-17 World Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA reaches million players milestone 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Feels bad
SERIES COMPARING RTG AND PAY TO WIN SERIES
New YouTube video up:
If you're not making K coins this week on Marquee Matchups, you're playing gameplay too much
Goin live in for my rewards and will be playing viewers also have pre order packs giveaways for Xbox jump in…
[PREMIERE] ROME WASN'T BUILT IN A DAY! | FIFA AS Roma Career Mode Friday th October | pm! Watc…
do I work towards this?
k profit within mins
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished. FGL Admins : Getafe A tough game for both team…
Fifa amazing premier league squad!
Fifa realism at it's peak with Leeds... deja vu?
Streaming some fifa rivals gameplay, can we qualify for weekend league in the next few…
Thanks to all my subscribers for helping me reach . Let’s get to ! Subscrie at - for so…
ADRIAN PETRE ️️ in Romania 🇷🇴 U21 vs Ukraine 🇺🇦 U21 🇩🇰
Hey fans, You're welcome for the content. That is all.
Do I play wl? Working Friday, then going for a night out, free Saturday then working Sunday
Improvements with k??
'Now we are talking' Wolves attacker finally given rating he deserves
This is the best song in check it out and thank me later🤘
Ayone else have problem with trainer not working properly in Sb and rivals? My movement arrows not working.
If they don’t nerf drop back, I’m actually gonna stop playing this game in October
Lost a rivals game -4 including kickoff goals for him (I know it’s my fault) but any way THATS ENOUGH FUCKING FI…
Sissoko is k? sold instantly. From Volta SBC pack.
It’s taken me until to try Ultimate Team and I have no idea what’s going on. 🤷‍️
Insanse Pack Luck from SBC. Rewards
Do I get Ramos?
Douglas Costa
Who to buy now!?
Volta Football SBC - Oct. th. Mega Pack reward with only chem means no question; do it.
Marquee Matchups - Oct. th. k worth of packs. Minimal chemistry needed. Absolutely do these.
Some of the Career Mode stats from my Brescia Career Mode, including most appearances, top goal scorer, mos…
yooo to all the people who is playing dont play dv rivals the delay isss really bad
someone buy plz
CRAZY WEEKEND LEAGUE REWARD PACK via
easy sbc and cheap defo...more of this pls
has the fitness glitch been patched in rivals????
Is it just me or is fifa bugging? Players be running off the pitch and shit 🤷‍️🤯
I Cashed Out! Are You All Holding Or Joining Me? …
Walcott SBC let's go
Streaming at pm EST today on SEE YOU ON THE STREAM MIXER FAM! …
Today is a day off for guys from !!! Nobody is complaining about broken servers and delay because it is a rewards DAY!
Have speed up lag in every single game of yet never had it once in or , unplayable and unbearable
Wow what a lucky pack luck day today!
Our player Dario Manta is LIVE on twitch ️🦁 He plays the FIFA2…
Got a new follower on playing
Got havertz
Just risked and got another one. If he scores another 🤑🤑
GAMERS This TOMORROW Fifa Qualifiers round is here for this season's and we're scouting for…
Live over on Twitch with FIFA , so come and chill out on stream with me whilst I play. -Playing some Division Ri…
Why would people pay k for that Lukaku OTW when he’ll only get a maybe?
Finally seeing good profits on investments 🤑
Playing VPL pro league Games right now! So head over to …
Goals and an Assist so far for Lukaku tonight and they are still in the first half!
I think this is the squad I’ll be rocking for the weekend league. Might make some small changes depending on how so…
Marquee Matchups SBC is OP!
Sancho scores a long range beauty then subs off for Moussa who puts the game away. Who had the nicer finish?
Seriously thinking about the next step for me &amp; what that is atm.
Should have no problems scoring goals this weekend!
New squad for squad battles, fantastic team with some great in form investments all cost under k what's your sq…
Nah man. EA need to update Tammy and put him on form because I don’t enjoy using him at all. Mad how he’s got no pace
Nooo way!!! I can't frikking believe what I'm seeing
That’s first tutorial level that was virtually impossible to complete on on PS1 &gt;
After downloading it on play store is till not working the additional file is how many mb
Grazie i love u
First I got insane FUT champs rewards. Now draft is paying out...
We already making bank day in the discord. And Lukaku Just made them score an own goal.
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post Winner drawn this SATURDAY!! Another comp coming up…
Well that's the best pack I've ever opened
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished. FGL Admins :0 Birmingham Strong performance by th…
wide cam...........
I thought all the CL players were taken out of people’s clubs?
After work com . Noite de rewards
WE ARE LIVE!! HUGE PACK OPENING!! It's Rewards Day!! , packs, rewards &amp;…
SCENES!
Streaming my rewards TODAY. Tune in.
Repeat after me. is the worst game ever released the history of gaming! Don’t me.
MacLaren 🇦🇺 ️️️ vs Nepal 🇳🇵 Will he be present in the Team of the Week?!
What a game! (9-4) Special mention to your mental bro, really impressive!
I may have just recorded my best ever pack opening episode So many great pulls I’m so happy rn!!!
Oblak is broken on this game
mil fifa coins for sale, message me with offers
Just a quick one today boys! I have uploaded a follow up video to my most recent Icon Flipping video!…
Selling my prem team on fifa to try different squads
Going live for a bit lads get into the stream!
Last, but far from least...who's got speedster Karim Bellarabi in their squad?!
Honestly how many time can Lee Din tell me that he likes to start games on the front foot in a quick way . Almos…
I have loved him since the day . I just had to. ️
So I'm about to take a corner and this happens...
TONIGGHTT! Its rewards day! Whats on the menu - Gold Red picks - Gold Fut Champs Rewards - Rank Rival…
LIVE Streamer Knockouts first and then some Chilled stream on with …
So my mate just lost his first game in draft and look who he packed out of a GOLD PACK RARE! This must be up ther…
When the misses says its only a game
this game is actually bullshit!
Club Statement: Thanks to outside sources (definitely not oil money), we have been able to acquire the contracts of…
IF Wesley scores my first goal of
Investments: Lenglet k Yedders k each Werners k each Sissokos k each Militaio k eac…
Vidal is on something
Destroying with this team but feel alli the weaker player in this team any thoughts? …
Goals for Lewandowski already for Poland and they are only Minutes into the Game!
GET YOUR BIDS!
Looks like a good chance in !
I just want to play some good games after a longs day of work. ️
Frank Lampard
Interested In FIFA Women? Here Are The Top Best Players In This Year&amp; Edition 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Elite rewards my red picks were amazing packed Dybala the best one out of them all. My TOTW players were awful…
liveeeeeeeeeeee opening my first rewards plz EA give me someone good
This shit is unplayable online
player upgrade pack
Elite rewards my red picks were amazing packed Dybala the best one out of them all. My TOTW players were awful…
So the best st owner striker i have is Suarez im just going to whack a hunter on that slow cunt and hope for the best ha ha
A competition with a rich history in the competitive FIFA scene is back for the Global Series. Check out ou…
NEW VIDEO! Special video coming tomorrow
The basic straightforward tips helped yesterday it would seem.. So here’s another....the futbin graph. See that d…
E si Parte! ° Weekend League Stay Tuned
Marquee Matchups gave me Son = k to play with, any tips for a (4) squad?
DOUBLE MASSIVE BRAZIL WALKOUT ! FUT CHAMPION REWARD RTG ULTIMATE... via
Game of our Beat the Admins Tournament has finished. FGL Admins :0 Spurs XI Well played Spurs. Very un…
Dirty Leeds
Recent FIFA Thumbnails! Support Appreciated Dm For Commissions.
Best player I packed in my FUTChamps Reward for Gold ... what did you guys pack! …
FIFA Career Mode: Top young right backs (RB &amp; RWB) to sign - Alexander-Arnold, Wan-Bissaka &amp; more - RealSport…
Does anybody else have Callum Wilson in there Arsenal career mode from Bournemouth on
I BOUGHT NEYMAR!
Team or team ? Any upgrades on any team?? …
Nashville SC hosting FIFA Tournament at UT on Sunday - UT Daily Beacon
Y is the web app not working? Is it down?
Opening my rewards now to add to a video with some decent pulls already over the past few days VID OUT…
Season came out yesterday, still haven’t seen it? Here’s another chance! we made a…
Get in there you bastard!!!
LIVE NOW ️ REWARDS &amp; CHILL ️
My FUT Champions and FUT Rival Rewards! Link - Is the Grind Really Worth it? What did ev…
Rewards stream live alert bros!! -Possible Squad Upgrades? -FUT Champs Rewards -Division Rival Rewards…
You WILL NEVER see a better goal scored by me for the rest of the year!!!
New top boutta be
Lee Din just said "It's like he was playing FIFA" on ultimate team commentary and I will never buy another FIFA game
We're getting our official career started with Bradford City. We announced the hiring of our manage…
First Video!!
Monna I hope your PSN is active, I’ve decided to get tomorrow
When my rated Lewandowski gets an open net that Helen Keller would smash home.
What’s the point of daily objectives on fifa20 - they used the same tasks everyday
Best La Liga players for FIFA Ultimate Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA has over million players since launch 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Packed Son today .. Today was a good day
Games today, Draws, Win, do any of you draw a lot more games on compared to last year?
+ ️⃣0️⃣0️⃣.0️⃣0️⃣0️⃣ k Deal ... Donnerstage sind einfach schön
So do we play or on tonight's stream? ^^^^^^^^^^^^9pm^^^^^^^^^^^^
Scenes
Please tell me I'm crazy for bringing back Giroud to ARSENAL on
I GOT INSANE FUT CHAMP REWARDS! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
So did a draft on and chose the -1-2-1-2 narrow formation. What does the draft give me? A host of wingers…
EA Links With Florencia Galarza Who's Breaking New Ground in Women's Soccer
Free to use Neymar wallpaper I made if you like it please retweet. More to come in the future. …
Live With aReal Mans RTG its Time to do the Marquee Matchups will i need help??? Bronze Pack says NO....…
If I wanted I could make around k profit, this is how easy it is, remeber guys, if he does nothing here, get him…
I hope your as good in fifa bud as I just accidentally brought you for K . Only paid K for…
Really good content from EA today! For me, that Piszczek SBC was % worth it as I could fit him into my team …
I scored a great goal in with scores the Braun Volley goal ️ What a Goal . Fu…
Imagine scoring goals in a match and still not receiving a match rating in Career Mode...
WTF I PACKED SALAH IN THE VOLTA SBC!
Same thing with as there is every other year, entice everyone in with better graphics yet dec…
It makes sense
Finally! lacazettealex welcome to the club! "Project Arsenal"
is the worst Gameplay eerience in FIFA series. Stop making FIFA a money market.
I've done Gold. Upgrades today out the I've gotten de Jong lucas moura and mane. My pack luck this year so much…
People are paying patreons to be told that Malen IF will rise because of Bergwijn IF links, do you need to pay some…
Can’t stop conceding every shot on this game
FIFA Hits Million Players; EA Celebrates Milestone by Issuing Rewards - Twinfinite
Just drawing games in -0 cause my opponents don’t have a shot because he is on drop back and all my passe…
I was negotiating a transfer on and they setting was a restaurant; then my wife says to me... “go Jewa dinner mo Fifa? “
The High School Musical + mash-up you never knew you needed...
When you view a player and accidently buy him for double the going rate 🥵
weeks in and button delay is still a huge problem.
Go live sur FIFA sur Twitch Division Rivals
The start of something special! ️ x
LIVE! Fifa rewards packs tonight!
SBC - Volta Football, Reward: Mega Pack
FIFA20 VOLTA FOOTBALL SBC～
Drop back in is cancer why is it in the game if you use it you seriously need a life if you have that much…
Gold upgrade SBC 🤙
Fifa is no gd for your mental health, going to Neverland for a bit.......
Trialling With VFL Leverkusen | Pro Clubs. Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
FIFA reaches million players milestone - VentureBeat
I scored a great goal in with scores the Braun Volley goal ️ What a Goal .
Had some random players over after matchups so did a gold upgrade and I got mane. Can't sell though and I'm gutted…
Love spending k on a buy now on fifa by mistake, you're welcome to whoever I just bought vasquez off
[] Watch another video on our YouTube channel. …
Time to carry on grinding Squad Battles
Wake up FIFA!!!
Interested to see what happens tomorrow for icon swaps after some of things iv been seeing on Twitter
Sick of this when am winning a game it only happens I've been waiting for minutes and its crashed …
loading
Wtf, I've just packed IF Bergwijn twice... back to back?!? First one from the k pack &amp; the second is the k pack…
One of 's faves: King
Who said two player packs aren’t worth it. …
In my FC Cincinnati career mode, one of my scouts found a Ghanaian prospect with the name "Joseph African English".…
The wee man scored a belter on his debut get that card!!
Team , or other? Please help me out,
Piszczek SBC Analysis: The card looks great, just really overpriced. k to complete which is more k than any o…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: VOLTA FOOTBALL SBC Reward via
We are Live Ladies &amp; Gentlemen! Packs on Packs on Packs!
is like dragon ball evolution
Penalty killer
Who said two player packs aren’t worth it? We got the Frenchmann 🇫🇷 …
[] is LIVE!! He is streaming his RTG again on , make sure to get in here…
Dragon S Retains Top Spot In Japanese Charts, Ghost Recon Breakpoint Debuts At No. 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
USL Named to US Squad for FIFA U-17 World Cup 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
was it actually so hard ? keep up with content like this and improve servers and ill absolutely grind…
Thoughts on my new team? Plays (2) in game with Dybala and Mertens up top
highly recommend
Like and retweet when you get it and if you agree!
Strong Start SBC Serie A - Small Prime Gold Players Pack. You love to see it.
[ENG] Grinding for Neymar! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
Anyone else hearing last years fifa playlist on
Why is sissoko K+ on Fifa UT. Not complaining as just packed him but was surprised...
Simple, quick and profitable trading method guides here --&gt;
How do people pack good players in ,5k packs????
FUT CHAMPIONS AND DIVISION RIVALS REWARDS!Let's get something AWESOME! LET'S GO!Messi incoming kappa…
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE WAY FOR ONLY K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
Game - Newcastle Jets -2 FC Twente - tough game but deserved winner in the end. -2-2
Come and join me on now where I’ll be streaming shortly! just search and come by and say hi!
This is the sort of profit you can make off the sliver method not always as big as this but usually almost double m…
Are you looking to improve your skills and finally hit the win mark in the weekend league? Check out w…
‘We’re about to make history...’ 🤣 Find out what 𝙧𝙚𝙖𝙡𝙡𝙮 𝙝𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙚𝙣𝙚𝙙 when our squad took on soundtrack stars…
Rewards stream is live get in here lads lets do this
when your seven year-old doesn't really have the hang of
LIVE IN MINUTES! SBC Packs and Drafts for Neymar!
Somebody help me out? I’ve been absolutely done in by Tried to sell Nakata for just over k and the…
time for fifa rage …
First game with this team
Trying to win a header in general in
My First of many videos. Leave a like and show some support
Opening reward packs, doing SBC's, come hang out &amp; let's talk some football!
I'm LIVE for stream number of the day... - SBC's galore - Playing you guys all night - Helping you build your sq…
Check out my latest video on the channel!
| Its mad how in the space of a week I can go from absolutely loving this game to just been dead about it.
EA ™ FIFA Celebrates Million Players -
ITS REWARDS DAY! - Rivals Grind
We live playing some …
What everyone’s thoughts on this flashback?
The dynamic image is for this month right? I don't want it by January. Thanks in advance.
So this happened
Playing currently until releases and think someone missed a zero so thanks for the dembele …
twitter has gone oddly quiet the last days 🤫🤫
Goooaaaallll!!! Thundering in off the volley!
| Wesley and traore, Do me nicely for my squad 🤣🤣
Not a bad way to score your first freekick on Fifa
Live streaming fifa! …
Flashback Piszczek - k-190k Worth it? Or not worth it?
Streaming my on my channel, come see my packs!
You should buy as the supply on golds is crazy right now. Sell within -4 hours though as we will eerience massive panic tomorrow.
Tonight I will be streaming som Div Rivals... got a few games to get my FUT Champs token. Then maybe a litt…
WE ARE LIVE! Fut champs rewards | OTW Packs | RTG Grind | Trading | Div Riva…
MY IDEA FOR NEW FIFA PROMO ,
Fifa I’ve played every mode ? What match have I got to do to complete this? Is it against computer or online? I see…
Update:Main Team
Sometimes it’s just not meant to be... and I hate those times! …
I’m live on mixer tonight half uk time big fifa stream first time being live in a while have had some life stu…
Thought they were the same height? 🤔🤔🤔
SBC‘s. You trade in a couple of shit players to receive the same amount of shit players back.... Or even less
has to be the most broken/unfinished game I've ever bought.
This card below k is a decent buy as france play iceland tomorrow. Remember to sell in the hype!
I scored a great goal in with Divock Origi scores the Braun Volley goal ️ and Braun Volley Goal…
Got that SBC on . Anyone else completing this SBC today??
Tomorrow should be HUGE
Road To Glory Bundesliga Squad Is Booming
is literally unplayable online and career mode is still broken. Sort it out please ...£80 or so wasted so far.
How was everyone's rewards? I got sweet FA
Sell your meta high end players within tonight. We will see a lot of panic tomorrow before pm which is when you sh…
FIFA (SKILL GAMES ADV SHOOTING GOLD) …
impressive numbers...
Weekend League &amp; Rivals Rewards + MM SBC Packs live now!
Fifa giveaway incoming. As soon as we hit followers on here or followers on twitch we will do an instant…
Just absolutely robbed some kid in the last minute on what a feeling. Message telling me to die incoming......
I scored a great goal in with Divock Origi scores the Braun Volley goal ️
Piszczek SBC analysis: Extremely overpriced and probably only going to get more eensive this weekend as supply d…
Again packed nothing out of the SBCs, what did you get?
Decent time to buy meta golds. They’ll be up in a few hours.
With the release of new cards there is a chance that similar Meta cards are dropping in price and recover after fir…
Will you be adding support for the new "HDR Adjust" setting on PS4?
Hi all, I will be live for a short stream at :30pm! Will be opening MM Packs, reviewing squads and doing a little…
Im done! Frustrated affff
Marquee Matchups and VOLTA FOOTBALL SBCs are up as well!
I am sure most of us play to be closer to the game because we're also fans of the beautiful game. Everyone…
LETS GO
Players 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
All of FIFA . Zero icons. Now two in the past days. SBC’s OP
Me when I play v on
minutes till the rewards stream goes live lads 🤙 don’t be late
He's comm'n home
How can I change/improve this? Marcelo and gomez untradeable
The best Premier League FUT starter team for under ,000 coins ️ ️…
So got my Fifa rivals rewards they was dog shite lol div rank plus side I’m in fut champs this weekend so I’m g…
Everyone - Improve gameplay speed. Get rid of OP skill moves, remove button delay, get rid of OP AI defending. Bett…
Do the volta SBC if you get a chance, it costs around k and in return you get a k pack!
So did the pm Fifa content bang!??
I’m live on Twitch - Watch me at LIVE IN MM REWARDS
*NEW* : EA Sports Celebrates Million Players
What i can change ? Any Tips?
voltttaaa sbc , we got some content boys
Ladies and Gentlemen, I present
SBC Flash Back Lukasz Piszczek!! Looks solid with a shadow!! You gonna get his card!? 🇵🇱 …
~GIVEAWAY~ copies of + k Fifa Points Checkout my IG stories to get involved! ️…
just started completing SBCs using my option untradeable cards and it's already paying off
When sniping IF Dybala nearly goes so wrong
Please please please share your rewards! Let’s me see all those red Dybala’s!!!!!!!
Going live early!
WE ARE LIVE! Content! Rewards, Pack and more! Join
To be fair flashback Łukasz Piszczek is easily the best right back in the bundesliga If you run a bundesliga team…
Game - Melbourne City -0 Derby County - why are City after Victory? Anyway it’s a rage quitter, nothing ‘dank’…
For the pack opening tomorrow I’m sitting on.... Premium Jumbo Gold Rare player Packs Mega Packs…
Doing my Fut champs rewards in mins! PLEASE LET ME GET SOMEONE I CAN USE
Came home early today! Let's practice some for the at work
Made some big changes in my squad after FUTChamps and rival rewards! so happy that I've already been able to make s…
Nevermind Career Mode bugs.. They haven't even bothered to fix any of Fifa 's we reported all year!!!!!…
LIVE in minutes We got &gt; Division Rivals Rewards &gt; Weekend League Rewards &gt; SBC packs And a giveaway at …
WE FLIPPING MOVE
When you concede a rebound mins in.
rateds for flashback piszczek?! Come on now 🤦‍️
I have a Bundesliga team is Piszczek good value for money? And how much roughly is he?
I hope he didn't break his TV.
What’s everyone thinking about Flashback Piszczek?
new SBC’s EA are you feeling okay?
This is the Bale auto card mentioned in YT video today! If your shout-out pack gets me Messi, Ronaldo or ANY icon…
Come on give us some season objectives please, had nothing to play for now for days, will get rival…
Not a goal !!!! Whhhhhhhhhy ...? .. I want VAR sir referee
From the mega pack but ‘tHE cOnTENt Is TErrIble!’
Socceroos two straight victories in Qatar World Cup qualifiers 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Holy shit do these Flashbacks suck and way overpriced. Spend more money for FIFA points boys and girls.
Be sure to tune in tomorrow for EP of the Ajax Career mode! And if you haven’t already, check out ep link in…
YO! I just packed my most eensive player yet from marquee matchups! Guess who it is and I’ll buy you a virtual beer
⭐️REWARDS DAY!!! | POOR CHUFF'S ROAD TO ELITE ⭐️
*NEW* : &amp; Requirements - Marquee Matchups of October
Who are you packing from these then guys? or ?
PACK OPENING !
Printing coins. Oh i Love days off work I do!
Hazard playing tonight in the Belgium match
HEY! YES, YOU THERE, Click it …
SBC live in providing the goods!
For the th time today when winning a squad battle game suddenly loose connection to EA servers
When you busy making fun and laughing at the mess that is Career Mode…
Voltra sbc was completely worth it hahahaha get in there …
The first episode of my new career mode, Building Bolton is live on my channel now! Go and check it out!…
Does anyone keep getting kicked out of game? nd in a row for me
NEW VIDEO!!! My new FUT Champions Rewards just went live!!!
Game - Melbourne Victory -2 SV Meppen - enjoyed this game apart from having a ft striker that couldn’t win a…
EA FIFA Celebrates Million Players -
This man is insane definitely best RB in !!!
This is what needs now to career mode! Please , our favourite game mode still has to be fixed.…
*NEW* : VOLTA FOOTBALL announced
Last weekend we‘ve invested in Willian Jośe‘s inform, he could be useful for this sbc, just hold your eye‘s on h…
rated Pisczek for - rated squads with TOTW and pretty average packs? Considering how big pace is as a fac…
End game RB?
is fucking shite £60 I will never see again
Career Mode Episode !
Looks good! Best option in Bundes.
A match against is a win win situation
JOIN THE PATREON!!!! I knew EA were going to put both these Nations, easy to predict. Easy coins being made.…
Even though EA haven't released new objectives (eecting tomorrow) the Volta SBC is easy enough for a mega pack, f…
Volta football sbc paid off
Okay... I'm listening
*NEW* : Lukasz – announced - Requirements
Who should you invest in from TOTW in ? ️ gives us his advice as to where where you'll…
NEW VIDEO LIVE! FIFA INSANE FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! AMAZING PACKS! Thanks for…
Well well well... A new SBC and not a bad RB to be honest! Who's doing it?
This looks like a banging card!!!! x rated squads though (roughtly k costs)!! What are you saying? We'll re…
FIFA - Flashback Lukasz Piszczek is now available via an SBC! This SBC celebrates his performances during the …
ANOTHER FLASHBACK!!!!! LOOKS INSANE! PISZCZEK FLASHBACK NOW AVAILABLE!! looks cheap aswell for the best RB in the BLiga
New Series Co-Op Team Talk | Episode Manchester City George and Ben are heading to division One (Ho…
Two rated squads for Piszczek (Rare Gold Pack + Rare Electrum Players Pack) as rewards
Flashback Piszczek is now available!!! Lookinglike k ish... Will you do it?
We actually got decent content today, GG
Lol marquee moments gone after one week
Wondering when I can play someone at who actually plays football &amp; doesn’t try to perform a magic show. 🤷‍️
Best players to snipe rn on fifa?
One to keep an eye on because it's only going up from here!
min until I read tweet that we didn't get content today ️
Think I might play all my fut champions on Friday and make this Saturday (so I’m selling in weekend league will get…
Signing! The Italian midfielder who is known to myself and a few players from his time with us at Atlético…
We are wanting to know what your best pull from a pack is so far?! 🤔 This is mine from a free gold reward p…
Need tips to master the new features? has all the secrets you need. Watch the full episode ️…
Not the worst options ever!
My prediction for the Icon swap objectives : -Score goals with a bronze player in the Brazilian league. -Play…
Guys can someone please sponcer me a Ps4 with and for Christmas
MORE SUBSCRIBER TO GO &lt;3
Who’s reading for dead content Thursday?
Wow! Big walkout from Gold rewards...time to get an ICON?!!! Let me know what to do with the team now...hoping t…
Can get SBC pukki for abt k,Do it or no?
Hi all, if you could use one of these players at ST, who would you use?
Career mode is fucked 🤣
What’s everyone’s FUT CHAMPS teams looking like?
The people in division of rivals make Tony Pulis look like Pep Guardiola. The most negative and boring players I’…
The most abysmal online eerience I've ever had in a video game. Nothing done related to the gameplay.…
— FC Barcelona has been named the number football club in the world. [club world ranking] …
Any or about.... Pret…
Not a but so excited to have packed this one! Please ignore my score I know I suck and yeah, I was yelli…
MLS ACES PODCAST EP. -Tom, &amp; break down: -MLS ️ -Legends retiring…
ATTN GAMERS: We’re hosting an Adult League Online Friendly for both consoles this November, to win …
k+++ from packs. Lucky me.
My little lad has just dropped this on he's buzzing
what do we eect at pm guys?
Click the link to watch the full gameplay..thanks …
Don't forget stream tonight from pm!
I got you guys
On the way to the top
Division rivals rewards were shite like usual got to rank but can't get out of div maybe -4-2 (2) isn't for me
Stream tonight boys! Rivals &amp; Fut champions rewards Draft to glory ep ?? pm central time!
🆕️ eLaLiga, the best national EA SPORTS™ competition to begin new season in January .
The 'Ones To Watch' promo is over, but you can still use OTWs to make coins. Our guide --&gt;
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
Okay you can cheat but don’t make it too obvious.
🤬LIVE🤬 FUT CHAMPIONS RED PICKS, PACKS, PACKS AND A LOT MORE PACKS!…
CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ZOOM DETAILS = ••••• …
Martial or Anderson
is pure shite
Has anyone seen a keeper save a shot on yet?
Think this will be the team for this weekends fut champs! Any different recommendation? In game I switch to fo…
I’m starting a thread of all the shitty things to happen to me in by the end of fifa I’m guessing there…
So far today on played games, lost all , % of blockes/rebounds have gone back to my appointment, % o…
what moves should I make? 🤔🤔🤔
New SBCs in a couple of minutes
Who's got Wendell at left back?
Live!
Vote for Ligue
Little Couto Rocks!
Reminder - No stream tonight! Opening FIFA Weekend League Rewards Live on stream from 0pm Friday night. Follow…
Mainly because of the goal against us
Time to get my first Icon on FIFA ? Not bad for a RTG....
packed these cards from Option today and they will fit perfectly the new SBC
First Fut Champ Rewards!
Yo guys! I will be opening my Gold rewards tonight along with Div rank rewards. If ya’ll haven’t open yours…
When you pack on
Gimmie a hell yeah
Check out the new Team of the Week for , available right now. And get ready for the new “Icon” cards coming…
Okay fuck yes! Finally more league getting POTM’s. Would love to see a La Liga one.
FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS
When your in any on clubs and make one mistake and the worst player pipes up …
Guud day mate lob me a signed copy of please cobber
The arrives for the first time on Time to vote ️
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
For those asking yes I'm still using EA Access... BUT I start my new job next week so 🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞
Got k to spend who should I buy? only premier league players
Grizemaan + Messi link up is pending for my FUT
Spontaner Handicap Stream zu den Top Partien Live right now
FIFA CAREER MODE while of course works a treat and con…
NEW VIDEO!!! My Dad is BACK!!
Gold not great.
Started trying out tech avion and it worked!
New team, who dis’ 🤙
Nashville SC hosting FIFA tournament at UT-Knoxville campus - WATE On Your Side
Defensive of players in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Cup qualifiers: Kolkata&amp; Pritam Kotal excited to make international debut at home ... …
Head Raphael Wicky Names USA Roster for FIFA U-17 World Cup in Brazil 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How to Score Corners in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Max Challenges Lando Norris and Carlos Sainz to a FIFA Duel After Threats of ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
&amp;;EA FIFA &amp;; Links With Florencia Galarza Who&amp; Breaking New Ground in Women&amp; Soccer …
FIFA Ultimate Team: Current players who will become FUT ICONs in the future – Messi ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
My upgraded RTG team is worth around 5M and I can't trade
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
If someone wants a game of Fifa at around -8pm let me know. I want to finally test my UT out against a decant player.
POSSIBLE ITEMS FOR
The AI defending on is just a parody of how bad it was on
Streaming some Division Rivals rewards and a few games around PM! Pop in!
Just packed Griezman.. dunno if his any good or if I should make a team round him?
Last night.... this finally happened. I finally feel like my grind to get better is finally paying off and I am und…
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Elite rewards. Howay Neymar
Please someone should I sell him now or wait?
Not bad for champs week2
Our server community weekend league recap!Congratulations to all the guys that made it! …
This month ke na le nyuku to pay dish but for the sake of jamming in peace ANIDIZI!!!
STAR RAMS! // - CAREER MODE / via
Strong 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
BEST FUT CHAMPIONS SUPER SUBS FOR UNDER K - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM link: …
It's been a long road to recovery from injury for Joel Pohjanpalo, but he's finally back and ready to make his mark…
Karim Benzema with the goal of the century. World class technical ability there folks
Looks like cards k+ will be the best cards to flip on Thursdays, will adjust my flip list for next week ️ M
Every header at goal on
Anyone used Neymar in ? Worth it?
Episode of my Road to glory is live now! Your boy only went and packed a walkout from his rivals rewards,…
First time qualifying in FUT Champs any advice?
Thursdays
Dear can you please fix this bug? I’m winning -0 and the game is stuck...
Mega packs are dead this year haven't had one decent card from any of mine. Last year was better than the rare mega…
NEW VIDEO OUT !!! We packed a icon !!!!!! …
My current team
I struggle to see how this isnt a green link considering they came out the same fucking Fanny.
at pm Question: Career mode with Leyton Orient or sig team moment grind offline c…
It is kinda amazing that the narrow CAM position bug still exists in . My CAM still decides to play LCM.
The fact that this is what every game looks like even in Div is absolutely crazy! it absolutely cant stay like th…
Streaming rivals !!
Anyone know how to get these players on the most chem possible
Packed Suarez yesterday.. now aguero today
So to add to the neymar yesterday!! Big virgil from the strong start SBC!
Are ea servers down
So did a squad update and started a new season on and this is lineup
Dybala Review is up!!
a new team (again for champs) - changed formations/tactics ingame, drop your teams below:
Stream on Abriendo recompensas de Division Rivals y FUT Champions …
Probably best pack pull I've ever had in all my three years playing FUT, amazing feeling
first week of fut champs...
This made my morning. you keep doing you boo-boo. Instead of blocking the toxics, I'm getting the toxics t…
If they done this sbc would you do it? Flashback ozil
Thanks for another great stream guys... I love chillin' with you all day playing FIFA and chatting absolute non-sen…
We win our first FUT draft! Video out now!
why is it literally impossible to pass the ball without it being intercepted
Starting this Sunday we will be collaborating with and to bring the DMV FIFA commu…
k fifa coins £?
What site do you watch streams on? or 🤔🤔
The home of FIFA Legends.
Best prima player picks!
Weekend league rewards (GOLD ) k packs …
Wanted to cash out on everything and so an untreadeble/investments team... Do you guys have any cheap beasts you advice?
My dog is better at than I am
Probably could up those defending points a bit after he won more duels than anyone else in the on MD…
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
Yes Wilson
Buying Xbox fifa ultimate team coins dm me pls
Full post on Instagram : ◾Tags ◾ …
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
NEED TO IMPROVE! // - MY PLAYER / via
Icon Swaps tomorrow! Who are you all working towards?
Yeah, she is.
As clutch as it gets from Son. Look at the time
FIFA Ultimate Team: Current players who will become FUT ICONs in the future - Messi, Ronaldo &amp; more - RealSpor…
Is FIFA getting boring already for you?
Just Mbappe things.
FIFA Ultimate Team: Current players who will become FUT ICONs in the future - Messi, Ronaldo &amp; more - RealSpor…
And we're live!! Fifa Fut Champions Rewards &amp; Division Rivals to start the stream with a few games afterwards co…
Reply with your teams and I’ll rate them /10.
Literally paid quid to play Volta football for the next year on because the rest of the game is fucking…
Not a bad pick up 🤙
Someone build me a m team. Have Lewa, Pukki and Walcott. Don’t need to use all of them.
Love the response to this vote . Still broken AF but there seems to be many work-arounds for the bugs. Shouldn'…
Dilemma... sell all my investments for what I bought them for and buy mbappe or wait for big SBC to drop and double my money 🤔
Rashford lit me up this past weekend league
A beauty from TB United on Pro Clubs! Scored by IG/calum.97. Fancy playing with us? Let us know! You ca…
Who is responsible for finishing? I need to talk to them.
With the launch of the new club import feature for , I thought I'd put this video together to show y…
What did you pack in your RIVALS and FUT CHAMPS rewards!?? Talk to me! 🤔 Don't forget ill be streaming at pm to…
Rewards and FUT Champs Training
Yep, it is still working Try to snipe piemonte calcio and liverpool player with Futinator. --- …
Short stream today playing some ? On twitch?
If you’re actually paying k for this card, just stop playing Fifa hth.
PACK OPENING | TEAM OF THE WERK SPIELER! TOTW …
videos of pure BS that went for and against me! Worth a watch if your undecided on the gameplay.
buy prices. Try get these totw players at the prices below. Don't forget to enter our free fifa points givea…
time.. Later losers!
Road To Glory Division Rivals Rewards ( i got over k profit) …
k to improve this, help me out..
Defending Shit Free kicks Shit Heading Shit
Should I give a review on FIFA ?
really sucks but I can’t stop playing lol
Decent Pack for once.
Who thinks players are priced way too high? Will tackle this as for b…
Elite Fut Champs Rewards!
Cheaper alternative
Leeds career mode is starting to really pick up ! Watch the latest episode over on the channel now.…
Fifa FUT Pack Opener: how to simulate opening new packs in Ultimate Team
A or B ?
Game - Central Coast -4 Orlando Pirates - only myself to blame, threw away a -1 lead and got my mistakes taken…
The Drunken Crew is Online and Streaming!Come tune in, have a chat, banter and all that jazz.I will start with some…
Pro Clubs and pack openings tonight 0pm. Disappointment or Delight
Help please!!! Which one ??
Just just can’t win in this game. It’s too hard. No matter what I do I cannot score
It's time to open some packs wacht me!
LIVE! Opening GOLD1 FUT Champs and Division rivals rewards! Building my weekend league team too! Come talk! …
Cancelo and Matuidi in rivals rewards, I'll take the
FUT Champions Rewards Week
Nearly weeks into launch for and I’m completely bored and done with the game already. EA are fucked when…
"Mr. Piemonte Calcios Manager knows how we like to play" Such a great name
Rewards stream tonight live bros 5pm!!! -Possible Squad Upgrades? -FUT Champs Rewards -Division Riva…
Only a few spots remaining for today's Xbox &amp; PS4 tournaments. Join free today More than $250 in cash prize…
LIIIIIIIIVVVVVVEEEEEE NOW FIFA Career Mode and maybe a bit of FUT
WE ARE LIVE! -Fut Champs Rewards -Division Rivals Rewards pm Content Drop -Checking your squads out!…
We’ve got the hundred follower count! Let’s keep this going and get to .
Me playing upfront on Pro Clubs with the lads
Bored so did this sbc
GO LIVE - RECOMPENSES FUT CHAMPIONS ET DIV RIVALS !
A goal and an assist in just minutes in yesterday's match for Argentina...will be getting an in-f…
Twitter Career Mode : - Thoughts:
Easily doubling the coins of the
EAs spite for and its typical player base seemed evident before the game was released. Their deleteriou…
Hey guys! Here are the rewards from the grind. I went…
Running fades on who need that?
When are some promopacks or special packs coming out
FIFA : How to Score Corners - Twinfinite
Some useful information about the Season Objective Storyline cards... …
Grid order decided by . I'd be all over that. (Sainz pole?)
No "INSANE PACK OPENING" from me today. I took the cash again But I have a much more useful video in the works
Game - Brisbane Roar -0 Legia Warszawa - a bit ruthless of me here but the Irish Messi Jay O’Shea and co runnin…
OTW Coutinho has gone...
Meet the Match Ball! Sportswear giant adidas has partnered with EA Sports’ FIFA Global Series for , with the o…
Fucking. Fix. Goal keepers.
Matchfinders are now open until pm tonight for the following: | PS4 | All v2 | P…
Some rather exciting names make the cut into our list of young players to watch out for in EA SPORTS FIFA . Read…
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!!!! FUT CHAMPS REWARDS!!!
FIFA Download PC
Ansu given green light from FIFA to play for Spain 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: FUT predictions, Ultimate Team latest 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
My for , how were your rewards?
Deal of the day 🤝
- LIVE PLAYING FIFA.......
How would you finish/upgrade this team?🤔 Had Pogba but he wasn’t worth it for me!
Thank you
| : Thank you
When you get a walkout at in the morning..
Any good k players?
Not bad for Gold . Turned my crap FUT champs weekend into a positive with this player pick! …
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: FUT predictions, Ultimate Team latest - Along the Boards
FINALLY
He just received his first call up from Jogi Löw...has he received one from your side yet?
Militao, Rodrygo &amp; Mendy with Kroos in Please update their faces! Cheers!
OMG!!! My first good packpull in this Fifa coming from my gold WL reward🤣
If anyone needs help with their squads in DM me for help
No will beat me with two frankies...
So gets this for Silver ! The fucking luck some people have!!
Im sorry to whoever this person was
I don't like to swear, but when I do...
Today is so to all folk, and everyone else, do not be afraid to talk to your friends,…
LMAOO I made a whopping coins off this icon flip! I just wanted the coins back to invest elsewhere! Have you…
At we support and give % of all profits from the show to …
Anyone want more rage clips here you go
Seriously getting pissed off at this game now because the attention to the basics seems to have been to…
Firmino: Sadio, one day, maybe one day, will update our faces for . Mane: Nah senor, I think…
GAMERS This TOMORROW Fifa Qualifiers round is here for this season's and we're scouting for…
Time for the FUT rewards! Opening packs and Pro clubs with the boys! Live now! Come say hi!…
GOLD OP!!!!
Lmao silver
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
Want to make coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Dunno what's more fucked... Online or Career Mode
Bought and pains me to say but pes is the better game this year.
Going Live Shortly! -Fut Champs Rewards -Division Rivals Rewards pm Content Drop -Checking your squads out!…
Three hours left to get your votes in about content. So far nearly half of us think we're too demanding.
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
Honestly done with ultimate team,the passing is fucking dreadful I can’t play through the middle passes just slow a…
Opinions?
Voted Hart for some variety, but he actually was pretty sick last month.
The BEST fifa FUT DRAFT | WALKOUT PACKED Go check it out!!
Game - Adelaide United -1 Sunderland - a tough game where I was the better team but couldn’t finish it. -2-1…
Thoughts on James Milner? Completely defies logic for me. Was a decent player Villa. Ever since joining Liverpool h…
Oh hey
Our annual challenge is back with . Defending champion Stephen O'Donnell is back with new t…
Have Fifa fixed career mode yet?
Good afternoon you beautiful specimen, my second video is finally being uploaded now. Hope it was worth the renderi…
Odds on the Icon Objectives not working tomorrow: /10
Madden : Week roster update should include OVR upgrades for these players - McCaffrey, Chark, Bosa - RealSport…
This is a disgrace mind. These rewards should gaurentee at least six players are over rated totw's at the very l…
Market for high end going mad k up on neymar in a matter of days
The first of our center midfield options: Kerem Demirbay!
First week of WL (Gold ) and ofc I already get shafted
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
After Rewards,
Weeks later and it's still true. is an awful bug-filled piece of garbage. That's why the game has a met…
Very happy to have signed for e-sport team. Will be an honor to represent them in season .…
INSANE FUT CHAMPS REWARDS *INFORM WALKOUT* - Fifa Pack Opening! …
Gold OP
Goles ,
So this week all of the games of significance are international games so that's exactly what Marquee Matchups will…
Has anyone scored a header from a corner on FIFA ???
Can someone build me a squad around Neymar for k? I have otw ndombele if it helps you to build the squad. …
FIFA Coins for Sale,We Trade delivery method % safe and will take responsibility for…
WE ARE LIIIIIVE!!! REWAAARDS
Can't complain with my first futchamp Gold rewards
as I packed Dembele untradeable I think of selling Bale and using this upgraded squad with Son + Dembele + Semedo?…
Anyone got a sweaty Fifa team they don’t mind sharing??
Sex is cool and all but have you ever had someone buy you ?
Come check out the new vid weekend league rewards!!
Investment has to be patience. It's the core to everything.
Check out my fut champs and rivals rewards -&gt;
Another day Another Ronaldo Trade. k profit after tax
Any suggestions? I'd like some portuguese players, most gold are untradeable
My Elite FUT champs &amp; Rank Divison rivals rewards, that I sweated my ass off for: Two ks Two ks Two ks On…
PRE STREAM TING: Viewer red player pick challenges. Every time I pack YOU a top player,…
Fifa Silver Fut champs pack opening !!
How tf does my brother get better rewards then me and I get this BULLSHIT. I made gold and he made gold .…
th minute winner means we win the draft!!! Messi is so so good, lets hope for decent rewards!…
Thanks to the big support on the rewards stream tonight! We have the team setup for this upcoming weekend league a…
Seeing All These Rewards Is Making Me Want To Open Mine.. :00 GMT Gold Rewards …
We ARE LIVE!!!! Testing out the new WL Squad!!! SBCS, BPM
Platinum number FIFA The No. (Platinum) Unlock all other trophies
I can't believe I am actually close to subscribers on YouTube. That is incredible Thank you all so much, ser…
I GOT ONE OF THE BEST REFS!!
Great game this... They scored on the th aswell.
can we deep how sick the soundtrack is!?
Make sure you keep all your loan cards as they count as First Owner cards so they maybe good for the Icon Swap Obje…
The next league up is the Australian A League. Always found this one difficult in the past.
So I have completed the Argentinian league and have a record of wins, draw and loss. This leaves me in…
Are the Marquee Moments SBC’s going to be a weekly drop on a Thursday as well as the match ups??
Guys, I need your help to find the perfect partner for Koulibaly with a budget of k in . Thanks for your help
You think life is hard? Try defending in FIFA .
Game - Velez Sarsfield -2 Leeds United - a close end to end game. -1-1
I think we will still get league SBC’s but they won’t be repeatable
Mbappe cheapest buy now is k I actually Duno what to do🥵
Trading methods for k
I hope he lives up to the hype
Whats this all about ??
This manual defending thing is affecting everyone. Look at 🇧🇷🤦‍️
Team for the weekendleague
I see a fair few tweets yesterday advising to steer clear of serie a bcoz its not ‘popular’ i was surprised. I main…
Ox starts and finishes a lovely break
It's a big thread of my opinion on the current state of ..and why I won't be playing anymore
Never thought I'd be saying this but... I'VE HIT FOLLOWERS ON INSTAGRAM! I really appreciate all my new follo…
Don't forget... Live now
Saint-Maximin with a late sealer in
Fifa players: the best cheap young players with high potential to sign on career mode 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA POTM September : Premier League release date, start time, FUT nominees 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I genuinely feel sorry for my One Elite Controller for the beating it has taken these past few weeks due to…
[90/100] SUBPOINTS - RECOMPENSAS, VEM ZIDANE [!instantgaming] [!betpt] [!loots]
Naaah I kinda feel bad for the guy or girl I just beat on one season objective was to score go…
That pace on 's card...
️Next Goals of the Week GOTW competition is now open for entries️ The top goals go into a YT vid with a shout o…
Virgil van Dijk is grilled by -year-olds in video as he teases Everton-supporting youngster
Into the draft final! Lets make it in a row...
So this just happend... ICON! Check out who we got, INSANE Gold Fut Champ rewards! …
My take on and why I have stopped playing FUT.. When I saw the first owner Oktoberfest kit challenge I kne…
Ramos min price pm uk time tonight
Lingard's real Fifa rating.🤭
is an awful game, no progression since fifa games going to die within a month unless they just replace everything in the game
Short &amp; patient corners are the way to go
How to take the piss
I would love it if would let you upload your "My Club" from so you can see all your players prices,…
Weekend League Team ready.
Saying it’s a “visual glitch” is EA’s way of saying “we tried to ignore it but now we actually fixing it” You g…
Scientists from around the world must be mentally ill if they do not understand a simple message …
This is my updated squad. Hope we hit ELITE this week!
Thank you for the goals and the coins
I finally made the Whol Nine Yard sbc and I got Kante and sold him for k on xbox. Good move
My first walkout in and it’s an icon!! My first ever icon packed
Haven't seen it yet - Are the MyCareer fixes in game yet? Still upcoming?
Also, why is Juventus having a weird name on guys?
Console : FIFA review - Milton Keynes Citizen
Gold rewards, LET‘S GO!!!!!
My WL Rewards. Not too too shabby.
The WHOLE ST Owner thing is a MASSIVE BUT there IS a lot of different stuff you can use for the upcoming…
Hit GOLD last week with this starter squad squad! Rewards were bad except red Hernandez I guess. Hope you guys ha…
Wtf im somehow my fut champs rewards have been reedem found packs and player picks but my coins are not to be found…
mobile takes forever to load it’s gonna drain my battery.
Will be up soon, a very in depth video. Elained each tactic set: Ultra Def to Ultra Att Importance of each pla…
WL ready. to start the game I come into a counter attack if they play back.
Game - Union -2 CFR Cluj - never really left st gear in this game, another win. -1-1
I’ll be uploading some of these videos throughout the weekend and I might hold a couple back to post next weekend!…
I saw ppl getting Messi &amp; Neymar from the Gold upgrade sbc and this is what i got?????????????!!!!!! …
So who should we build a team around for this Salah Mane Aubs Hazard Augero Or some…
Added a "Reset" button to the snipe counter in v6.14.4 (due to popular demand)!
My team going into this weekend picked up griezmann today after rewards in game how is everyone else's team lo…
So fut champs rewards was ok I guess...gold not to bad...had coins manage to make k from rewards and got a f…
Possible UCL marquee matchups investment news coming next week..... From discard to k stable price or k on anno…
When you have a hardwired console and still get delay on is there going to be any fix to it in the future o…
I miss fifa when I used to have wins to like losses &amp; won div back to back. Now I can’t win a game in d…
This life. Nobody even just say oya take . Thought y'all liked me?
Both my rank div rewards and Gold rewards we're solid, not the best but good packs overall. What did you get…
RE: Pukki Power series - I've got videos coming out on it but honestly, I think that'll be it for that series on…
I did ONE gold upgrade SBC and packed Neuer in a two players pack. It’s ok... I needed a keeper.
Looks like someone's been playing Magic Ball mode in …
Game‘s finished and nothing is happening. Players just standing randomly still. So man bugs in this game 🤦‍️…
Had to get my player picks out of the way..... yay....
Selling This Account For £85 First Come First Serve. Also selling Fifa coins PS4 M. Deal can be done on FaceT…
Send me your rewards!! I’ll take mine
FIFA POTM September : Premier League release date, start time, FUT nominees
Wanted to test something here, I saw he was undercut by k knowing this isn't his buy price, but as its Thursday…
What should I take for Rivals rewards with the new st Owner Objectives in mind...
Tried so hard to play Career Mode but games in it’s is all too unrealistic for me. Such a shame. …
Naughty Rare electrum players pack of div rivals
“ANDDDD IT’S WELBECKKKK”
🅰️🅰️ A monster game from earns him a spot in 's 'Team of the Week' …
FIFA POTM September : Premier League release date, start time, FUT
How’s your day going?
FIFA POTM September : Premier League release date, start time, FUT nominees …
Can you fix the f***ing gameeee??? In which world this is not a penalty???
I’ve got a juicy pack opening for you guys tomorrow before we start our WL campaign!!
Loan cards are first owner. Loan packs will now be a knee slide in front room
corners
Hey fans, In honor of the first rewards day of Fifa20 we've increased our surprise mechanics weight on …
Ouch
Don't forget about tomorrow Which one would you choose? …
Never been so bored of a game in my life, FIFA is the biggest bag of shit in existence. Well done lads you’ve tu…
Coleen Rooney, Rebekah Vardy and now Danielle Lloyd - we know what you’re doing.., You’ve clearly been employed by…
Fifa is official the worst fifa ever. You players have + Pace but cant even run out Otamendi. For every tacke…
Everyone be sure to tune in to ’s right now for my first WL rewards!
Looks like someone's been playing Magic Ball mode in
Game - Talleres -1 Hungary - this was the score minutes in before he rage quit. -1-1 …
Team for the WL tomorrow! (4231 in game) Feeling good! After bottling last week hoping to hit elite +
What did you get in rewards? Lets see those Lewis Dunks 🤣
My pack luck continues
Console : FIFA review - Bexhill Observer
Rank Rewards &amp; this is the best I packed!
Console : FIFA review - Luton Today
I've got to thank &amp; for their tirelessly effort. Without getting mad, they provide…
Here we go again
YO CAN WE PLS TALK ABOUT THE WAY FAST FORWARDS AFTER IT LAGS PLS?!!! I LITERALLY CANT COUNT HOW MANY GOALS…
I HAVE A WORLD CLASS PLAYER IN MY TEAM! (MK DONS CAREER) | FIFA (XBOX... via …
About to see if I can make it draft wins in a row... In before a first round exit...
At the bottom of the graph shows their Before Price. James was around k earlier and went down to k; used to be…
its Done
So I'm debating on changing from (2) to the . Wondering if the CDMs or better than CMs. If you have a recomme…
Thank you for fixing Fixture Congestion in Career Mode:
Sniping can be so satisfying within minutes via mobile app …
My team for the qualifiers
Playing
The difficulty difference between Professional - WorldClass on is ridiculous. you need to sto…
Game - San Lorenzo -1 Preston North End - probably deserves the loss here but managed an equaliser in the last…
Episode of my Leeds United Fifa career mode goes live on Twitch tonight at PM Eastern. New cam and hopefully…
Let’s settle this once and for all. Who is the better player overall? …
All I wanna do right now is open my rewards but I’m being disciplined and saving them for stream tomorrow!! Who did…
My Rank Rivals &amp; Gold Fut Champs Rewards It was crazy the big pack pull and also some…
Seems with the Rewards, most cards of the Market has gone down a bit. I still have my investments in the trade pile…
Anyone that understands about Discord can help me out?
If you want to keep on top of all things , feel free to sign up to my Twitter list that includes all kinds of e…
Theme is Man Utd players and I’ve got k coins how can I improve this squad?
Best I can do for the price and restrictions?
Winning -1 in the th minute and ea servers go down so you get DNF
EA already making money hand over fist and still try to find ways to fleece their player base. Disgusting. …
I'm only using in online games... Lets see how this progresses
If you take coins from Division Rivals then u a lil bitch
ultimate team is down
Elite couldn’t ask for any better Lets Go!
I'm live streaming my futchamp rewards
Well would you look at that Lb are back up
This is great Shoutout .
k for upgrades, any suggestions?
EA details on FIFA &amp; First Owner Objectives 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Server down in a Rivals Match - hieß who gets a loss :1 up? Can‘t even log in - sort it out
Show me your rewards!
So EA servers go down yet again and I now get anither loss on squad battles. Twice now and will likely cost me elit…
Fifa servers down yet again hopefully they've turnt them off to sort out the shitty slow lagging gameplay?…
I see the hamsters turning the wheels on those great servers are on a brake. Anyone else getting kicked off ?
I’d like to announce I’ve finally got my first walk out of , Sergio Biscuits
To everyone who spent money for packs this : Fuck you. You're the reason nothing gets done at EA headquarters.
Adidas esports play with FIFA Global Series match ball sponsorship
cravings + real life:
So just finished a game in rivals got to the highlights screen and it dc's me. WTF is going on over at…
It's a madness! I've uploaded my first Youtube video, go see how we did in rival rewards and champs...
Can somebody think of a different way to describe an -85 Rated player other than "Its a Board" ... Its seriously…
We’ve been seeing some of the best packs from FUT champs rewards, how has yours been? 🤔
I’m losing -0 in rivals second half kicks off I’m feeling comeback is on and I get kicked from ultimate team now I…
My sister STOP wasting money buying him Buy him cement. Show him you want to build a future with him.
FIFA currently available for k It's very clean and in perfect working condition. …
We're still scouting for players to represent in this Winter's Ultimate Team v1s in a playe…
Back from london and back on the RTG grind! Ep of the grind highlights what has happened while i was gone and rew…
Throughout this week and next, students are taking part in a tournament, in aid of local charity…
That connection is
Rodrigo is incredible in real life and incredible in too I love how the commentator was saying “One pass a…
Trying to score a cross in
Opened my Untradable Rewards, boards in a row, and this was the last pack. Wijnaldum, welcome to the team 🤩…
Adidas esports play with FIFA Global Series match ball sponsorship - SportsPro SmartSeries
With today's WL rewards, do you want to Acquisition and or ? Which are you?
I don’t have enough Mooyney to buy this game - please BHAFC
Scientists from around the world must be mentally ill if they do not understand a simple message …
Prices on our investment so far Cillessen: k -&gt; k Hazard -&gt; k Fraser k -&gt; k Bonaventura (went u…
Ea servers are down again
FIFA : Meine ersten Weekend League Rewards! + Player Pick Pack! via …
Servers down for anyone else on PS4?
Watch! After tracking the key IF’s from week , Ndidi yielded the best ROI going from K -&gt; K last night.…
rewards were as crap as the game, weeks in still no walkout, boards Mahrez and Gnabry the rest were jus…
Thanks to the guy who paid FUT-coins for Silver-Pucino hahaha
This is what Top in the World gets you Fix Rewards
CURRENT SITUATION AT EA! .
Amazing to Watch Player Pick Pack SBC in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
No comment. Just unfair as usual.
Here we go again....
Untradeable rewards OP!
Agreed % people complain when they play + hours a day 🤦‍️
Rewards opening in minutes we got some weekend league rewards, with player picks, plus my division riv…
Decent reward!
Game - Racing Club -2 Marseille - closer game than the score line suggests. -0-1
Coutinho investments, I really doubt EA asks for Brazilian IFs, but you can definitly buy These guys and sell…
MY GOLD Rewards! WHAT DID YOU GUYS PACK? via
Road To Glory C’moooon
Decent i guess. Really wanted Semedo
Do I take coins, tradable packs or untradable packs? Also what upgrades do I make?
The uploads are coming in THICK AND FAST WALKOUTS AND INFORMS!!! RANK DIVISION AND GOLD REWARDS -…
I have been playing FIFA since FIFA &amp; I am convinced that this is the first FIFA that Messi has been better than…
The rest of the Walcott SBC will cost me around k, I'm not sure if I should do it or not, if you have him how has he been for you?
This is when I start smashing my Xbox up🤣🤬
Anyone else get a glitch on Fifa where their winger starts away in the corner of their own half when you kick off?
How beaut is our BayArena in ?
Lets fucking gooo!
Excited for this new exciting chapter in my non-existent life and honoured to sign for such a big club and v gratef…
| AWESOME WALKOUTS | FIRST FUT CHAMPS REWARDS | DIVISION RIVALS ... via
FIFA Download PC
Still not fixed...
i pick untradable rewards anyways.. but i dont pack anything worth putting in players.. iv no SBCs to grind to pack…
Cheaper Alternative?!
Fail to see how this doesn't work!? ??
How do you even get this into a team?
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Can't not wait to start this!
Just another fine example of the great servers that don't have. Quite prepared to ban people for buyi…
It's a tradition for to fuck up every year
Investment tips - Great combination of rewards dropping the market right now and Marquee Matchups coming up…
If anyone still hasn't done this week's Marquee Matchups SBC, now is the cheapest time to do it! It costs k in t…
New team 🤩Any improvements ?
Back with EP in the throwback career
Check FIFA
Just out here hurting people
week treating me right
FIFA - PS4 /XBOX ONE Still Available !!! . . Call / Whatsapp or Dm to Place orders . . …
got some exciting and closely contended Virtual Pro League games on stream tonight for anyone interested - should b…
Check out my new Draft stream video bros!! Every Wednesday on the RTG! Don’t miss it Subscribe Like share …
Anyone get any good rewards? Here’s mine
Let's go
k for a wide cam....Any suggestions
EA details on FIFA 's First Owner Objectives - Gamereactor UK
Already dmd everyone the link for the discord. If you want to join aswell dm me!
WHAT PLAYER WOULD YOU HAVE ON THE FRONT COVER OF FIFA??? ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️ ••• …
Don't forget we sell FUT points in store and you can even trade in to get them cheaper - here's the TOTW …
Fans City's FIFA Ratings! - Leicester City
Lukaku to score his th goal for Belgium tonight?
Finally team is ready for my first weekend league. Better late than never but this season I'm not playing too many…
The draft on is a joke
My best pulls from rewards today! 🤑
Who’s the best Gk you’ve used in Fifa ????
The luck is real !
BreakoutSZN for Paulinho?
Nice goal by harley cohen
ATTENTION Don’t forget to redeem your qualification for FUT Champs. I imagine a lot of people would forget…
Played around games last fifa ngl I cant see myself playing a games on this current fifa
Good mid budget sniping filter.
FIFA Download PC
How can I improve this with m? Has to fit the restrictions.
Fifa Elite and Div rewards live in minutes come in and see who we pack!
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameday Fixtures. YoutubeChannel: …
GameOn Channel Simulation League Gameweek Fixtures. YoutubeChannel:
How is this not a foul by me?
nowhere near as good as fifa very disappointing coin boost to difficult so cant build coins packs rubbis…
Just packed Hazard. These first owner objectives better be worth it
Vardy, tering goed. Immobile, tering goed.
*** ZALIG *** Weekend League en DIvision Rivals Rewards -
I still didn’t get a walkout on my consol.
New icon swaps coming tomorrow! Who’s excited!
FIFA GOALKEEPER CAREER MODE ! - SHOWING MY SKILLS IN PRESEASON!!! via With a…
And I suppose in a ‘And finally...’ of lunch break tweets : I’ll be live tonight as scheduled (7.30pm KO). We’ve…
Game - Patronato -0 Aberdeen - tough game against men, however he rage quit when I went -1 up. -0-1…
Did any of you get any good reward packs? My best player for a second week in a row was Muller (untradeable) so now…
Sorry no stream back tomorrow afternoon for some weekend league!!
Opening PACKS with little bro
Investment Updates: Hummels up to k Telles up to k I’m holding Hummels for a little longer, however, cou…
FIFA Download PC
Best player I packed from division rivals was... Draxler. Nice.
FIFA Download PC
Who’s playing weekend league this week? If you are, comment what you’re aiming to get. If you’re not, let me know why
Hey guys, EA sports here. Basically we've seen that you guys are making coins in the game without paying us hundred…
My First Ever Rewards on Fut champions!
No better feeling than seeing this!
great stream today, the grind for squad battles rewards has upped its game and and hoping to try and get the best f…
is available now for ! Get in store today to grab your fifa points and start to build your…
Baby Kluivert feels like Dogshit, hopefully Baby Crespo is doing better
Does anyone else think the market on is dead weird, bought an rated player for k, i dont think ive ever bought one that cheap.
First glance of my team in ain't accustomed to this game yet
00 FIFA POINTS PACK OPENING IS HERE:LET‘S GOO:
MOBILE PACKS OP LETS GO
Aston fans react on Twitter as Wesley Moraes makes FUT Team of the Week - Football, Gaming, Movies, TV, Musi…
Excited about tomorrow. At the same time not looking forward to having to complete objectives in Rivals…
UNREAL RED PLAYER PICKS IN MY FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! *3 WALKOUTS PACKED* | ULTIMATE TEAM…
This weeks TOTW 🤔 Can you use any one from this and are you looking to rewards? lets see who you got boys I will b…
days into ultimate team not a penny spent, just how the game should be played.
ahhh I don't think I can hold out til tonight. I might have to open them now. Blind viewers pick and then I get to…
The Intro of Our Insane Elite FUT Champions Rewards.... -
Icon Swaps starts tomorrow. Who are you planning on working towards?
Investments for the next set of UCL Marque Matchups all coins so a no risk! I can see Ajax Vs Che…
I will not be playing one game of until I’m told how to change commentary teams! Lee Din is doing my fucking head in
preeeeeeeeeeeeeeee stream hypeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee playing come and join it'll be a laugh to see a m…
Am so glad I bottled Gold
Game - Nunez -2 Manchester United - a game made difficult by the opponents dial up broadband. Got the win howev…
I WILL DO ANOTHER 00 POINTSPACK OPENING LET‘S HAVE SOME FUN!!
- FIFA Ultimate Team: TOTW Red Player Pick Guide – Dybala, Jorginho, Immobile &amp; more.…
UNREAL RED PLAYER PICKS IN MY FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! *3 WALKOUTS PACKED* | ULTIMATE TEAM
I’m Tactically defending my Legacy while you’re Busy Playing FIFA.
Dragooo
FIFA Points Giveaway! Retweet Follow Me Turn Notifications On Winnner Soon!
Show me those rewards! Will be opening mine later on stream.
Gold &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Keep scrolling right Craziest packs Kindly share and drop a follow please! …
Some early pack luck, and I still have no motivation to play this dreadful game. What do I change for WL?
WALKOUTS, here is my FUT CHAMPS and DIV RIVALS REWARDS enjoy …
Has anyone still not received there Fifa pre order packs from or am I alone here?
Mes petits packs️🤙
Manchester United ratings on guys 🤣
not bad!
Why I haven’t bought yet
Upgrade... Still have not spend any money on this game
Short stream tonight :30pm UK for Fut champs rewards &amp; division rivals!!
Elite Rewards 🤯
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY EPISODE - FUT CHAMPIONS &amp; DIV RIVALS REWARDS!! (HOW TO TELL BOARD/WALKOUT) …
Cracking hr stream today right through rewards! Rewards + New team below⤵️ Once again thank you so much for k…
I think this weeks TOTW and no Vela is just further proof that is actively trying to starve market in…
/9/19 RECAP Braves LOSER Nationals Dodgers Over WINNER Flyers WINNER UL Lafayette LOSER -2 record -479…
Team fut champions 🤞
How to join playing next week on Oct th at …
Thinking of using Dybala's IF card? • ball control • agility • dribbling A great addition at this stag…
New Team ️ New Tactics ️ New Number 🇨🇿 Rewards stream coming soon!
LIVE!
Massive reward pack openings and I'll be playing members / subs! Come join along people!
Got a pack OVR And got Defoe Rated How does hat work if the games not messed up
OMFG I GOT THIS IN A
decent. Makes me think when am opening packs and fifa is still fucking about. Constantly getting robbed…
Thoughts on this squad 🤔 Let me know if I could do anything different
CAREER MODE LEGENDS available on a Pre Contract in Season !!
Packs, Rivals and Rage. Come laugh at my Fifa ability:
What wluld you change for fut champs
Go on then
Thank you for my prize ️
On the rise already! Particularly Hummels!
INDIA vs SOUTH AFRICA - FIFA (Hindi Commentary) Watch: Like. Share. Subscribe.…
Game - Newell’s Old Boys -0 Celtic - I scored an early goal and then this angry young man rage quit! -0-1…
That team, so much pack luck this year
Anyone playing FIFA20? Let’s share our squad!
Welcome to the club
Amine Harit gets my vote for September! Vote now to help decide the Bundesliga's Player of the Month ... …
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Next Generation : of the best young talents in world
I be go live on my channel till hope to see you all
I got like ,000 points this week in Division Rivals but I didn't realise it ended today and so I only got Rank II…
Kicked off servers. Again.
Packed Neuer in a upgrade pack last night and got Varane in rewards today. Team is looking decent! All packed but V…
I'm LIVE... - Opening your rewards all day - So tempted to open my PCRTE rewards - Blind viewers pick is back! - T…
Eerience SOCCER INTELLIGENCE .. …
Thanks . points because of your servers, great job and thank you very much....
Never panic if you need your investment to work.
WE PACKED THE BEST LB! FIFA - DIV RIVALS REWARDS
keep Neymar!?
LIVE SOON FOR SMALL STREAM OPENING MY REWARDS AND SORTING THE SQUAD WILL BE BACK ON ABOUT PM
sell Neymar and improve this!?
Live in an hour!
Reward Packs are nuts
FIFA15 is back not Russian but Chinese
Inscription E-LIGUE Check !!!!
Ehh, could’ve been worse I suppose.
Grabbed a red Dybala and sold my Mertens IF for a k profit.
Call of Duty League 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
DECLAN &amp;amp; RYAN FREDERICKS GUESS ICONIC WEST HAM FIFA CARDS | FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Why release content for a game thats broken priorities should be to fix bugs and gameplay before releasing…
FIFA servers are down again?!
Recommend to Jump on this if you have at least k to spare
Decent team to say has just basically started. If I don't get Elite with this team I'm shit
Player Picks and WL Rewards
Did you get any of These players? They went up a lot after rewards.
Harley Cohen first st goal
And another server problem with EA wtf is this shit
I have seen this screen more than any other on
th loose cause server down. Thanks
Guardiola or Pogba? Who is better to have him in team? Help please
Just bought reus on
LIVE!!! Elite FUT Champions and division rivals rewards
servers down? Just got kick out and last a game and can’t enter fut now
UK Deals: £160 off Philips Fidelio X2HR High Resolution Headphones, PureVPN -Year Subscription for £2 per M…
Did I choose right? 🤷‍️🤣 Really got no desire for Veratti.
Should I use this or sell Mahrez and use my FB Walcott on chem and buy Varane for Ramos?
Ultimate team down?
Game - Lanus -0 Hamburg - st game of the day saw the opponent go down to men and rage quit at -0. -0-1.…
Lost my temper for the first time today.
AND IM LIVE!! ELITE REWARDS! |
How were your Rivals rewards boys?
Scorpion King.
Soooo I've been told something that may or may not be a thing buutttt, I need some help with some digging. can any…
TOMORROW
Let’s see them! Show me your rewards!
SHOW ME YOUR REWARDS GUYS!
WE PACKED THE BEST LB! FIFA - DIV RIVALS REWARDS
If EA doesn't change something about the OP of dropback, auto-blocking en GK bounces then I don't see myself play m…
How wank is it to take a penalty on Fifa
Yesss got the ones I wanted!!
When “all boost” activates on mystery ball
Very proud to announce that I'm going to play in the Dutch for . I want to thank everyone that…
It's done! is ready to represent in the this season Congrats Julian and let…
Open challenge to anyone.
Won't be playing qualifiers due to full time work, but this is what I'll be using in FUT champs
My Investments! HIGHER BUDGET: x Hummels 🇩🇪 at k = k x Alex Telles 🇧🇷 at k = k LOWER BUDG…
DID AN SBC AND MADE BANK!!
nd Half good come back Nepal
Got this team and k, but seriously don't know what upgrade is worth it's coins.. Any suggestions?
in real life Netherlands u17 vs Kosovo u17: % possession to Kosovo's %, shots to Kosovo's , final s…
Right let's get these rewards going and see if it was worth the pain. How were your rewards?!
My gold rewards
On this historic day when will be hosting female fans to at qualifier rounds, Global Spor…
Anyways I went for the coins. In a crap Divison right now since I played my placement games with the starter squad…
is available now for ! Get in store today to grab your fifa points and pull the best team p…
Who's got Jonathan Tah in their squad?
Has been fixed in ?
GOING LIVE!!! On the first owner
what to improve got k, thinking of just saving up for VVD
Walker ou Cancelo ?
Will be going live in about minutes for Fut champions and Fut rivals rewards! …
Join me as I return back to Twitch with some crazy moment on . Reward day today, who did you all get? Oooh,…
What do I do
I have follower. They have not been active since . I’m still posting updates of every game as my mild autism…
My st Red Cards....I’m ok with these NGL. 🤷‍️
Right guys I’ve been grinding away this week while looking after my nan, sorry for no streams but her internet is p…
Nice lil wedge to spend
Lost my head and spent k on that k pack, fuck you EA
Building this weekends FUT Champs team on !
Finally , happiness is arriving at mins
Fraser Decent investment should rise up to atleast k at the very least …
down, to go. Updating to
It’s fut champs rewards day... who did you all get ! I got W and didn’t eect this I have Pepes one to watch ca…
How was everyone's rewards today!
So rewards were pretty good today. Confirmed Gold op. All pictured cards packed from today. …
I personally think fifa is at its worst, gameplay and game modes in the game absolute shambles tbh
Aye they’re pretty shit my picks anyone get lucky in there packs?
As Division Rivals &amp; FUT Champions rewards filter there way into the market - make sure you are sniping and investi…
FIFA TOTW Confirmed FUT upgrades for Chelsea, Juventus and Brighton star - Along the Boards
So many packs for fuck all
After your mate scores a late winner on FIFA but your parents have already told you to get off and go to bed
If you don’t have this GOAT you missing out
Not too bad for the first weekend league rewards of
Best I got was Suso from packs. rip
Cost me around k, fits into my team perfectly at the moment and will be a great supersub throughout the year imo!…
/10/19: of Duty League opens for businessCynopsis Media -
BEAST!
Decent
Ohhhh what a price deeeeeaaammm Thats the market breakdown I eected.
FIFA Stats app
Need some advice, I've only got fit CB (one out for couple months) but who do I bring in to partner VVD? My other…
Team for qualifiers. Will be fun playing Gullit/Eusebio every game...
Desperate to get your hands on a FUT ICON? We elain how you can by completing First Owner Objectives! …
FIFA20 FUT CHAMPS REWARDS! Semedo
Awful Rewards, waste of time
Rank Rivals rewards. nd week in a row I’ve had decent pack luck.
Shit player picks, what a surprise
Save stats when playing …
My star winger requested a transfer because i didnt play him for games 🤦‍️🤦‍️🤦‍️ that has to be a bug
I just uploaded a video of my Fut Champs Elite Rewards. Insane Red Picks Walkouts in the Same pack Rts Much app…
Weekend League Prep : Defence and Attack (FIFA ) live at
Amine Harit !!!
Number - the Greek defender - Panos Retsos!
New team
Good Morning Bristol! We hope that you've all prepped your ultimate teams for our nd Arena Clash Qualifie…
Stop playing and add Ansu Fati In FIFA NOW!!!!! I need cause Nightmares to my Opposition …
FIFA TOTW Predictions: Arsenal, Aston Villa and Wolves players? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Ultimate Team: Redeem FUT ICON swaps with First Owner Objectives 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
This guy ... still smashing it for me. Best SBC I've completed so far!
Just uninstalled Fifa . Not touchimg that game until EA actually does something to improve the game. Career Mode…
My Fut Champions Rewards!
Have had no pack luck whatsoever in FUT and then I go and pack this guy and Pique in my last two packs
trading method guides here --&gt;
The best of my Division Rivals Rewards!
WE MADE BANK!!! GLORY GLORY MAN UNITED
My reward pack have been OP
Only FIFA elites know this.
Arsenal in a -4-2 on are FIRE!
Who needs coins when your first owner untradable club looks like this haha! Not even necessarily opening that many…
Division rivals and WL fut champs rewards on point🤩
This review actually went live last Friday, but hey, better late than never, right? had a look at t…
Don't forget we sell FUT points in store and you can even trade in to get them cheaper - here's the TOTW …
Streaming my on my channel, come see my AND rewards!
First Rewards
Please give us an update on CM?? Make it great again
First Owner Objectives will be a part of Icon Swaps so be very careful when packing decent players not to sell unti…
My rd WO
Same as every year, decent tradable packs from rewards, but bad Red picks .. i take it tbh LETS GO!!!!! …
Don't forget we sell FUT points in store and you can even trade in to get them cheaper - here's the TOTW …
My player pick items this week! Average at best....
need your help! Around k budget for upgrades. Sane + Dembele are untradeable. Help me upgrade it in the best way…
Whippy whip
This.
FIFA TOTW Predictions: Arsenal, Aston Villa and Wolves players? - Along the Boards
Please help me with some snipe filters ... I didn't snipe yet even one player ... Last season i earned millions but…
Episode of the Fifa Port Vale YSL is here !!!!
New week New team. We are WL ready
Not bad I suppose
Sombody who knows what they're doing how on earth do I get these untradables into a squad with chem? Also have…
Show me your FUR Champs rewards!
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
I've got about -400k, what upgrades do I make??
My champs rewards......good or bad I don’t really know
Some good trades today! Sterling bought at ~130k when Walcott came out as people sold. Rashford flipped this mornin…
Great header from Sergio Ramos.
Hand of god!
Draft pack
This is really interesting guys... well worth a read but if you don't fancy reading it we'll discuss on stream this…
Try hold your rewards till later tonight when the market isn't flooded
Just went live! Come on in for some fun.
Has anyone got ideas for a team around some of these cards and k budget. Any suggestions much appreciated.…
Got M and players in the club!!! Wonder who to build around next?🤔
Is Rijkaard worth the coins for cdm?
Hopefully making bank today over on so come and join us
I am sitting like minutes to wait for the import can anyone help?
Team for the WL.
Silver player pick . Could of been worse.
How can I upgrade my team, build me something and if I like it I will give you a shoutout Either upgrad…
cards - let's get to it! Up first, we've got our number , Lukas Hradecky!
Got some tidy rewards! Insigne - k Busquets - k Azpilicueta - k Coman - k Umtiti - k Willian - k Pepe…
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Squad Battles for SBC ans Div RIvals
my rewards were trash but for Gold , they should be! Still packing no walkouts... icri Let me know who y…
Seen as the Player Career has been doing AMAZING today we are starting another Player Career.... AS A GOALKEEPER! T…
Also never list at min value 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Fuck my life.
Didn’t get Dybala but my Red Picks were OK.
Pulled twice on my division Rewards..2 weeks in this game and l haven't even packed a and above r…
isn’t working on Xbox One. Everytime I want to play, the game freeze and kicks me to the dashboard.
When you book a day off work to play fifa and you come back from being -0 down just to lose -3 in the th minute…
Berwijn looks a baller over all happy nothing notable from the packs
Subscribers | ,000+ Views Home of FIFA (Hindi): Thank you to all my Subscriber Fr…
Walkout!! - The Great Escape out now!!!
Make career mode great again!
Nice
Anyone else having problems on Pro Clubs? Won trophies last night and didn't get given them
Is that Maradona in disguise? 🤨
DR, Div , Rang Coins Packs (trade) Packs (untrade)
Cillessen Perfect investment Should rise at least double today/tomorrow k -&gt; k+ Easy profit here!…
Have you opened your rewards yet ? Let's see what you packed 🤞
India's first FIFA RTG opens it's first set of Red Player Picks and who do we get? Stay tuned for video coming o…
Today is a good day.
Very important lads TEAM or TEAM
i will buy it this week
is boring?
Better believe I have + packs waiting
FUT Champions rewards
We are LIVE on playing It is REWARDS night ladies and gentleman, and…
Switched to might open some packs
Introducing the new FIFA Global Series ball, available now in ! …
Morning everyone. Was able to pick up fresh Ben Yedder for k on bid, so I'm really happy with myself, we'll test…
Opening a few reward packs then smashing some rivals
| Just packed Neuer, do I keep or sell? Is he any good?!
I'd have taken Semedo 🤯
Wijnaldum is the best player I’ve packed so far 🤣
GAME PLAY IS SO FUCKING BROKEN.....
FIFA Career Mode: All the best Young Defensive Midfielders (CDM) to sign – Rodri, Torreira ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
FIFA - Declan Rice and Ryan Fredericks play &amp;;Who&amp; that Hammer?&amp;; 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Picked up a few Emmanuel Mas for k Can rise up to atleast k few times a week doubling coins here if you buy…
Hands down one of the best goals I’ve scored!
INFORM DYBALA IN A PACK! ELITE FUT CHAMPIONS REWARDS! ULTIMATE... via
The fuck happened?!?
Is IF Immobile worth changing up my BPL team? Got him &amp; Bergwijn in G1 red picks
ITS THE INTERNATIONAL BREAK BUT WE STILL HAVE A NEW PODCAST EPISODE COMING YOUR WAY AND THIS WEEK WE TALK ALL T…
? Completed It.
How to hell am going to fit these in the same team? Any ideas? Hope everyone got decent rewards.. have a nice day…
players can we unite and is it possible in a world where good people arent or…
Gonna be opening packs from all the rewards live on stream within the hour a who is even remotely l…
What should I take for my div rival's rewards ?
Update: I’m in currently on International Break, I qualify for the and current play Internat…
gold and got two rating for my red players fucking joke
Picked up some WL investments eect Kampl to rise to at least k and Bonaventura to at least k Easy prof…
Div rivials Rank
In what world is that a red card and a penalty?
Fut champs rewards are out and .... we’ll take that.
Some meta cards have dropped slightly in price, eecting a rebound later today, as people will be buying there squ…
Best Rewards I’ve ever had from Gold
Untradeable packs from div rivals? Don't mind if I DO
k to upgrade this in-game Team, any suggestions?
Need a new GK for your ? I recommend Mr Roberto here from West Ham! Yes, he did conceded go…
what’s the best formation on ?
Not a bad player pick
WELCOME TO THE CLUB 🇵🇹
Gold op
I do these things so you guys dont have to
Cant beat trawling through Twitter looking at everyones decent packs when you've got absolute shite yet again …
streams today! Both streams! First one in minutes for FUT Champs &amp; Division Rivals rewards! Seco…
Packs Days
Go petit
How were rewards?🤑
FIFA RON2GLORY EPISODE FIRST FUT CHAMPS REWARDS!!!! …
Send us a picture of your rewards!
Premi division rivals not bad
WEEKEND LEAGUE REWARDS! Road To Glory
Going bridge
Morning &lt;3 Just opened my rewards You wanna see them
Gold Rewards!! -
For having to stop at silver I’m very happy What did you get?!
FUT CHAMPS REWARDS!
Morning everyone, we are going live over on Twitch with FIFA and its that time of the week again, rewards day.…
How the f*ck is this offside? Please elain that to me
In our October st episode: predicts the winner of the reviews…
Rewards weren’t great we only made a few small steps on our
⁦⁩ Really?!? starting to feel like FIFA .
Not the worst reds you'll see, so ill take it. Getting a chelsea player is always nice
We want this defending on
YESSSSS FINAALLLYYYY
for KARLU ft ins today…
Server down. HYPEEEEEEE
Now LIVE!!!!
Help
anyone having issues with the app?
Good luck to all for Weekend League rewards pack openings today …
What did you all pack from your Fut Champions Rewards, anything good?
New video online on my YouTube channel : ◾◾◾Tags◾◾◾ …
Untradeable but I’ll take it!!!!
What did you get in your rewards?
Red rewards - okay (Hernandez looks good) Pack rewards - amazing! Wilf is like k!! Show me your best pills guys…
x Division
New FIFA same Sh*t rewards
Let’s see our first set of FutChamps rewards.
Cannot wait to get home and stream my rewards...... Around pm uk
Click the link below and show some love!!! 🤪🤪 GOLD !!!!!!!! WEEKEND LEAGUE PT.3 - POOR MAN'S…
Rewards are in for week . get upgraded. Too bad he doesn't get to keep his RW p…
Nice but I am very worried this is once again gonna benefit those who buy FIFA points more than the RTG grinders li…
What did you pack in your WL rewards?
NO WAY
Gundogan, Sokratis and a discard IF from Rivals rewards, could have been a lot worse!
WL Rewards! Ill take it
Low budget sniping filters on a Thursday.
Is everyone panic selling? Wanted to buy more for k but Im slow.
He Live on twitch! schickinho_
Rip my coins. Hazard in a pack would be wonderful
Very happy with first reds of the year haha let’s go
I made at least k from Rivals and Champs Rewards today. No Joke bring on that first person objective on friday I…
DIVISION RIVALS REWARDS SOON!!!
gold isnt op anymore
Finally came..... ive to put his otw back into my team again now because of this lol …
Show me those rewards!
Stopped the Weekend League at wins cos of unresponsive gameplay and bad defending and got my nd Walkout
You gotta be happy with Son, Ramos and David Silva in your rewards packs
LETS GOOOOO
Bergwijn and Verrati for my first FUT Champs picks of the year, not terrible tbh.
Seeing everyone opening their rewards and I’m here sat at work.. nevermind I will record and upload when I get home…
Going to work with rivals and champs rewards waiting to open is torture
First WL rewards of the year. Definitely a W
Weekend league 🥺
First Elite rewards. Reds decent. Ifs bullshit
Gold op
Not the most tragic for Silver , not amazing. Going with Traore for a super sub. Let me know what you got this w…
Gold rewards are good
for KARLU ft ins today…
Finished minimum Gold all of Fifa . My mental health couldn’t see me play past Silver last weekend. I do not…
ty ea
FIFA ICON SWAPS AND FIRST OWNER OBJECTIVES (WHO TO PICK AND PITCH NOTES OBJECTIVES) …
Lets gooo!
First pick of the year. Cant complain...
Gold players picks
Not bad
NEW VIDEO - Silver FUT Champions Rewards
FIFA Career Mode: All the best Young Defensive Midfielders (CDM) to sign - Rodri, Torreira, Ndidi &amp; more - RealS…
Oh wow..
Gold .
LIVE! - Gold + x2 Gold rewards to open - Building a WL squad k+ - Shareplay rewards…
Tradeabale RIVAL REWARDSSSS ARE LITTTTTTTT
NOT BAD
Got in rewards
First red cards not bad
Next time better
JUMBO RARE PLAYERS PACK
FIFA Career Mode: All the best Young Defensive Midfielders (CDM) to sign - Rodri, Torreira, Ndidi &amp; more - RealS…
Fair rewards?
Happy with my Gold rewards
The hope you might get something decent from your packs
Been shafted tbh.
Sony has announced that the PlayStation is going to launch globally at the end of next year. It will come with a…
We out here for five mins lel -4 Rewards...Super Speedy Stream
REWARDS DAY! Show me your RED PLAYER PICKS!
Not bad at all...
Gold WL rewards
Well worth the grind for gold one in the worst gameplay weekend ever love this game
OUR ELITE REWARDS ARE HERE - LETS GOOOOOOOOO! You've got seconds to get in here!…
Good Luck in your rewards!!! Tweet me what you got ⬇️
Highlights from my Arsenal career on Fifa
Just got this from completing the Walcott SBC
Let’s Go!!!!!! Best one that I packed this week. Also packed Felipe Anderson, Eder Militao and a discard IF..…
Good luck in your rewards! Show me what you got!
Watch 's first EVER game of
Anyone else just not received fut champs rewards?
come watch me open my Gold rewards 🥳
So my friend really jus packed icon maradona on and I’m out ere still with no walkout
Streaming my fut champs and rivals rewards!!
I really hate untradeable rewards in Got Marcelo in a two player rare pack. ,000 on PC just going to sit in my club
We live waiting on our Fut Champs rewards. In before red Dybala!
Rewards Day!!! Flex your pack pulls and player picks! And I will check them on stream
Elite FUT Champs rewards live at
Why are people moaning so much about First Owner Objectives we've just found out about them, give EA a chance! Peop…
We are LIVE on ! - Elite Rewards - Gold Rewards - RTG Div Rivals Rewards - Opening Your Rewards…
Good Luck with your first Weekend League Rewards for Let me know what you get
Hardest time of the week!!! Packs or coins 🤔
FIFA | HEARTS CAREER MODE | EPISODE | CLIMBING UP THE TABLE via
New fifa series who fucked shit up
SHOUT OUT If your not following these guys, then get following all hit the mill TP this week! they wil…
FIFA RON2GLORY EPISODE DIVISION RANK REWARDS!!!! …
Sorry to be jumping on the negatrain... but I think every single key moment so far has been cocked up…
Good Luck for the first FUT Champions Rewards Who do you want in your red picks?
in process ...
Finally scored a Fifa corner, yay me
Well well well. My First walkout of came out of Division Rivals rewards. It wasn't great but it is a start.…
You decide my rewards ? I want coins btw.
Still working guys 🤑 Sniping Filter: Piemento Players under 00 Sell for …
how do you justify this upgrade?🤔
Ready For Weekend League
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals Rewards via
Packed my first ever icon
Companion app down?? Unable to login
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
Rewards day good luck and remember to redeem fut champs
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
Get your hands on our Blue Old School Football Print. Only £4 Including Delivery …
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
The one video which summarises our Pro Clubs career
There are so many things wrong with this pile of shit game and they are focused on how to squeeze money out of all…
FIFA ,08,and are the best FIFA's ever
Very nice !!
I always take untreadebles every week but is this EA trying to push us to get untreadeble players? Now its gonna b…
damn just missed it
Don't forget we sell FUT points in store and you can even trade in to get them cheaper - here's the TOTW …
IS OUT NOW!! Remember to pick-up points! Premium Gold Packs £7.99 ️ Premium Gold Packs £11.…
Where did you finish in WL? Let’s see them rewards chaps!
Indian FIFA fam! What did you get in your rewards?? Hoping all of you get icons or crazy players!…
On the new : name, date and details confirmed, a new clinic for addiction set…
I’ve been thinking lads obviously there is a lot unrest/negativity with people playing drop back /one depth on…
I think my first owned team will be BPL based going by this mornings rewards
Grinded for a couple of hours yesterday on rivals to get Miranda in rewards. Absolutely sickening 🤮
is a from
Best of luck in rewards today everyone! Make sure to show me what you pull, especially some red player picks ⬇️
Was going to go for the coins but chose the tradeble packs last moment, Not bad, Not bad at all. Goes for a good …
When are champs rewards out?
If you’re complaining about and still buying Fifa points you’re a fucking idiot
Anyone got fut champs rewards yet
The people that take coins in their rewards definitely clap when the plane lands
Can’t decide what to do. The k coins would let me upgrade IF Maddison to firmino or eriksen but packs are temptin…
How were your rewards from rivals guys?! My best was Moutinho and Matip
Send me your div rival and fut champs Rewards when you open them.
Happy Reward Day!
For everyone asking FUT Champs rewards are at am UK time so in mins
Quick pack opening on my YouTube channel go subscribe
Was just about to take the coins for my Division Rivals rewards. Right at the last second I decided to ta…
Can’t wait to get rated players from my k packs
It looks like will have League SBCs. Take this with a pinch of salt but this is from EA live support.…
Hahaha! What a snipe!
rewards are out! Let us know what you get in your packs!
Aim for SBC fodder if you're sniping during rewards. Should be able to get them a couple k cheaper. Look at Futbin…
Every second game is played like this, makes FIFA so unenjoyable. If you don’t wanna play the games cause of things…
Div rank rewards going well so far
My Division Rivals Rewards were INSANE. So glad I took packs and not the coins. (Div Rank )
Walkout!!!
Yikes...
DIV RIVAL REWARDS!
That will sting 🦂
Show me the WORST rewards packs below. I want to see rated k packs, discard elite totw packs, duplicate red…
Division Rivals Rewards ... endlich mal Packluck
JyellowL His track “Ozone” is to be featured on the new soundtrack Whelan’s, pm…
Wow opening my rewards and go servers go offline
Where are the Weekend League Rewards?
FINALLY!!! Scored My First in
Let’s gooooo!
Here are my best pulls from Division Rivals rewards Drop yours down below
Happy rewards day chaps I packed John Stone as my best 🤷‍️ You? Any icons? In my FIFA history still not packed…
Well i guess I should start a Inter squad
Rivals rewards.. what you get? ⬇️
WL rewards are coming out at :00 AM UK time.
What time do Fut Champs rewards come out?
HAPPY REWARDS DAY!!!
Shit rewards once again fuck off
Happy Rewards Day!
Can I Get An F In The Chat To Pay Respects
FUT rivals rewards untradeables
Is it worth saving up to do the Lewandowski SBC?
What time does fut champ rewards come out
In the same pick, rival rewards
Come on EA. Arsenal in the championship, that’s going a bit far. …
Decent wel helaas Untradeable
Got to love it is there anything you can get to work properly?
The fact that has created a mod in his own time to fix career mode is direct evidence that…
Good luck to everyone opening their rewards today
Untradeable rivals.. decent! Anyone tried gomez this fifa?
Tite Kubo's finest work.
Does anyone else have a glitch on rivals where your RW starts at the corner flag in your own half?
Rivals rewards
Good luck with rewards fellas, let me know how you get on and if you took the coins or not! Not sure what I'll take to be honest
️Insight: How did the team do during the first week of the FUT20 Champions ? …
Tradeable packs from rank 🤣
I hope I still got rank
show me those rewards!
From To this this 🤣🤣
Well think I have made my team for my first Weekend League! Went a bit crazy on Special cards!
Tip for choosing what to take from division rivals rewards: -When a promo is not out, it's better to choose coins…
Good morning lads, good luck with your rewards remember Rivals (8am) and Fut Champs an hour later (9am) show me guy…
Fut champions rewards day! Is everyone hyped?
OMG CRAZY RIVALS REWARD!!
Those players that are ft on this new fifa ...learn how to play fifa shit cunts... yours truly bsg I.d.s.t .…
decent first pack
Took the packs because I ain't a bitch
Kits, badges &amp; leagues ok ~ I'll continue tonight after work ~ ~ Have a nice day
Good Luck for your Divison rivals rewards
Do you think that the FIFA community is toxic? Comment below with why you answered the way you did. Thanks 🤙
I can’t get logged in to again sort your shit out
Check out the tweet below for info on icon swaps - First Owner Objectives
Opak king is now online playing FIFA TRIAL on XBOX ONE live streaming through TWITCH HOURS LEFT Watch me…
Good luck with your rewards guys
I swear on UT players get like a performance boost for their first games, will bring in new players they do every…
[ENG] OPENING MY ELITE REWARDS! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials …
Best of luck in your rewards today! Be sure to let me know who you get!
Just sat waiting. Please let there be something good in the packs.
DIVISION RIVAL REWARDS WARNING! Under minutes to go!
FIFA Ultimate Team: TOTW Red Player Pick Guide – Dybala, Jorginho, Immobile &amp; more.
Things I’m thankful for: ️Food ️Warmth ️Shelter ️That Adama Traore’s Fifa TOTW Card is RWB and not striker…
Do I take untradeable rewards now then? Not sure how dramatic this is gonna be... their logic is surely % based…
Who has scored a header in fifa or is it a myth ?
Auto blocking ai defending drop back at its finest gg man.. wot a joke
FIFA Tournament at The Prince of Wales 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Wesley 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Let’s pay out the hard work
Good luck for those champs and doc rival rewards bros!!
Morning guys! Good luck with rewards today!
Good luck with rewards people, lets hope the reds start of well. usable reds for me all year last year. Who do yo…
started so well.the games an unresponsive pile of mess now
Should I open rewards on phone or wait until pm tonight
With this post, EA is actually hoping people will start to spend crazy amounts of money to packs. Do NOT go into th…
FIFA Download PC
Wont aguero but need coins. Take?
Morning All, Happy Rewards Day!! No stream this morning, something's come up and I'm at the dog park today! Migh…
Goals Celebration Music: Major Lazer - Que calor Video by:
Waiting on rewards 🤯🤯🤯🤯
k whaaat? Is that final day or something? I would log in everyday here lol.
Another sniping filter, which is covering more than player.
What time are Rival rewards out??
Fifa - Manchest…
Anyone know what time fur cganls rewards Are?
Unfortunately not gonna be live tonight, but we'll be back tomorrow afternoon for some Elite Champs rewards and t…
Amine Harit is a beast
Anyone div that can tell me what the rank points are up to?
FIFA Download PC
Qualified for weekend league today !
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Check out Fifaaaaa, New Streamer ! , Come talk about anything help me to followers !!…
I swear the A.I in are Karate Ninjas bruh!! The kicks and backflips they do to clear the ball are insane!!…
I know I told myself I am not playing FIFA but just had to share this...30ish Bentancurs bought for coins and s…
Check out Ep of my Fifa20 Ajax Career Mode Series on my YouTube channel! Comment your suggestions or ideas of ho…
Finally ordered but have the bugs been fixed yet?
"We're doing this to promote squad building and team variation"
Great work Jamey
this fifa soundtrack is though
Investment during rewards: Get those high ratings whoever cheap for upcoming POTM SBC. Example: Thiago at …
HAPPY REWARDS DAY EVERYONE! Going live later - If you want me to open your rewards live on stream
Doing a giveaway at followers, all ya gotta do it follow!
Taking untradeable might be smart now
We are opening rewards in an hour!!!
Opinions? This is going to make player SBCs at lot more attractive!
UPDAT: Price change of gold cards that got in
we are live with some FIFA20 come chill and say hi Quality Gameplay Chill Vi…
Was mind blown while playing Volta when money good by came on. It was
Who’s the best player you’ve used, in Fifa ? Here’s mine
Morning all, even if you didn’t get the rank you wanted for rewards, I’m so excited to get my rewards again
Everybody, good luck with your rewards today!
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post Winner drawn th Oct! Another comp coming up stra…
Der Boss
WE ARE BACK AND WE ARE LIVE!!
Is someone still using timed finishing on ?
Had a lot of fun streaming tonight! Only lost one game, and got to end the night by smashing a Neymar/Mbappe super…
When do div rivals rewards come out?
Milner for k haha and thats suggested price.
This is why drop back need to be looked at please look in to this
rebound after rebound after rebound GOAL! What a shit of a game.
Hey You come join mel!!
st pic on left is old team.. nd pic on the right is new team on the no money rtg squad
Get in while you can! Shadow is a really good guy and a GREAT graphic designer! Give him a try!
Are you taking packs or coins from Rivals?
Former Senior Vice President John Wesley Gonjuan found Guilty 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
So it looks like we should get Div Rank after today's stream. What's the move for Rewards?
End of an era. Thanks for the memories . …
Scored in a minute and seconds lmao madddddddd
Got this guy, apparently he's incredible. Only cost about k with the players I had, pretty good deal
Rewards Investing tip: Although the timing may be hard in the EU...from a few hours ago (2 am uk) until another…
Thursdays on FUT! …
This is not right. This shit has to be scripted. None of the game ever feels real. Idk, take a look.
FIFA Download PC
No really though it is just fantastic reading offenses and letting them pass -30 times before I just steal that s…
wow cant get a better pack
was able to finally create a true to life defending gameplay code that rewards savages like me that PREFER…
For possession players in its pretty hilarious watching them dink little passes all over while I’m just che…
First game of the day in rivals. Feeling good. Testing out some new tactics. Hope it's gonna be a great day of…
Pressing hard with your attackers and with CM as a free safety roamer then pulling back around near midfield while…
Whewwwwwwwwwwwwww
Can anyone beat me smh
FIFA Download PC
I've disabled the summer transfer window, the pre-season tournament and international job offers and teams are stil…
I'm excited to see how this whole Icon Swaps goes down. Should be fun! I'm going for Gerrard. What about you?…
So somehow I got myself into Division now and I won my first game -4 and lost my second game like -5 against a…
Best agents FIFA : The best free transfers - Red Bull
FIFA Download PC
We proudly present our internal FIFA Champions League . You can watch…
FIFA Download PC
Cars, Crashers and cheating death: A-League&amp; man behind the mullet 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
We are live over at playing some Come watch some pro plays Give…
Highest rated player Most underrated player Ultimate Team must-have Every rating on
What formation have you guys been playing this ? I'm still rocking the good ol' -2-3-1 narrow. Might give -5-2 a shot soon.
it's like you're playing a different game each time, the delay burns my soul
is just unplayable.
Hey how would i edit kit numbers on national teams on fifa ???
FIFA - Feint and Exit 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
WE ARE LIVE! Drafting til We get our Elite Weekend League rewards! LESGO!
I've scored goals in games with Mané, absolutely loving him on
I'm starting LIVE on !
icon swap are going to make of break fifa . if you have to do objectives in competitive modes with the state of t…
FUT RIVALS/CHAMPS REWARDS STREAM - Grinding rivals - Shareplay rewards (PS4 only) - Tradin…
In the words of ! Strong Start SBCs is great value 🤙
Goodnight brothers. Good luck in your rewards. Hope you all get first owner Ibra, Messi, and Ronaldo from your packs too.
Should I just sell this now or wait ???
I voted for as Vote now
*NEW* : Pitch Notes - First Owner Objectives
He's been a little down lately so let's add some sunshine to our friend 's stream! We love u Jared!…
from ️
Got all fire up, researched tactics, worked on my game, and then was not in the lineup for my squad's first pre-sea…
WHATTTTTTT!! Martin Tyler and Alan Smith are no longer our commentators in FIFA . You messed up big time fifa.
I love Manchester United forever but damn is Man City dominant to play with in
It is so much more fun to play with Arsenal online in than in FIFA . I'll deal with the Career mode until they release the fix.
Just me or is the Volta story in absolutely fucking terrible?
If you bought IF Semedo for k, his max price has been updated to k max price just a heads up if you wanna sell…
LIVE!!! Come cheer me up :c
Yooooooo. First decent pack pull of
- I think this needs to go to VAR Martin.
Going live on twitch LETS KEEP GRINDING!!!!! Reqwards night baby VAMOS!!!! Tune in …
Boys just another card that is way to low man was k all day today you can get him on bid for -110 crazy price…
we’re on week and I still haven’t received any of my packs.
LIVE making our way to some finishing off Rivals strong LETS GO!!!! …
The last games of fifa I’ve played, my opponent has disconnected within the first minutes. Ea please fix tour…
If you go into a game and your opponent has a team of scrub golds you better get the lube ready cause …
All LB are down right now because people are trying to get Semedo and theo hernandez for their teams they will all…
FIFA Career Mode Episode | vs Liverpool via …
First player to hit that big mark
Whats up fam! I am live for a short stream! Going to open up some gold upgrade packs and chill. Maybe some rival…
Why is the market so low the night before rewards 🤣 well I guess more buys for me
If the Rainbow don't work, you gotta do the Sombereo
Awesome today. I love seeing people that know my schedule and tune up to say hi ️ let’s keep growing! …
Live now on some on
Market is low
WE MADE IT TO DIV !
Frank Lampard
We are live over at playing some Come watch some pro plays Giveaw…
In this weeks sim we see in the
Call me crazy but I like the first owner objectives in not because I have a club full of first owners but b…
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Strong Start SBC Reward via
Fifa probably the worst fifa ever. Purely down to players with pace, no skill needed. The mechanics of the game…
Do your gold upgrades, kids.
Rng is real in this game, non stop garbage from this game. How can you make a game so broken …
Good Job EA._. Brilliant
I've always been against coin selling. But looking at the decisions EA are making, coin sellers looking like freedom fighters now.
[ENG] Hinga Dinga Durgen Rivals! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
How it is to play .
First owner objectives make sense when it's June and we've had a yesr to grind and have a club full of different pl…
Shadx190
- LIVE ON SBCS/PACKS/GAMES DROP MY NEW CHANNEL A FOLLOW
Pretty sure I just played Stevie Wonder.
Semedo Price Updated to k MAX Buy Now️
Road To Glory Series FIFA : …
In division rivals when someone DCs in the first ten minutes of the game why do I get stuck with a draw???
LIVE in MINUTES! Grinding Rivals for Rank before Rewards!
HARIT
Guys you had such an encouraging start to but the last couple of days the gameplay is below …
is like a social eeriment to see how far they can push the envelope. Absolutely mental. They're making on…
Just uploaded my Custom Tactics video 🧐 I went pretty in-depth regarding my thoughts behind the tactics. Hopefu…
Scored my first Free kick in Div Rivals with !!! Made my opponent rage quit! What a car…
This new fifa has fucked me... division in rivals on ... im struggling to get into division on this one 🤣🤣🤦‍️
- Ben Yedder carries us to GOLD ! - FUT Champs &amp; Last Week Reward Packs!! Check out my Newest PMRTG Youtube Epi…
the only way I'll ever use Guardiola in-game is if he's wearing a cardigan.
Is the sbc for Teemu Pukki worth it?
Hey fans, Our plan is to add new First Owner Objectives for the Icon Swaps. This shouldn't be a surprise…
Separate your rewards: Squad Battles Rewards = Tradeable Rewards Division Rivals Rewards = Take Untradable Rewa…
Playing Some Games &amp; Bullshittin!! Come Thru &amp; Say Hello Starting off with some …
LIVE!! Gonna start off with some Ranked then play some later on tonight! Long stream! Lets sit in, r…
is the worst fifa releases in years! Passing is shit, dribbling is shit no changes made to clubs yet again!…
I'm Goalkeeper for this is our first game in C'mon guys 🦈🦈 …
Make sure you go follow . He’ll be giving out discord invites, tipped a player off last night.
New episode of The Canadian Messi story mode is out now on the channel! Check it out and leave a like, comm…
Not a bad two player pack 🤷‍️
Brandt is the most troll card this year in I mean seriously, there was genuine scenes when Germa…
Be hungry, but be humble, and always be the hardest worker in the room. …
Been sitting here stearing like when tf did dybala got sold
Cheat code for fifa : BUY NEYMAR : R1 EVERY SHOT. YOUR WELCOME.
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Strong Start SBC /2 (Premier League) Reward via
Played far too much over the past few days. for the grind gonna be tasty though. What you taking?
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Strong Start SBC /2 (Serie A TIM) Reward via
This kid shushed me after scoring a pen to make it -1 luuuuuuuuul kid had Zola &amp; .Co vs my k g's
Adidas esports positioning with official in-game ball for FIFA Global Series 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Flashback Theo Walcott absolutely blows by any defender. All you poor people out there talking about it's too een…
Adidas esports positioning with official in-game ball for FIFA Global Series
is fucked nothing goes right so many rebounds, dodgy fouls, wrong decisions from the ref etc so much wrong shit game uninstall gg
I have to admit, one thing I do like about is that I’m seeing a lot of different formations being used in r…
Anyone play Pro Clubs on ?
ICON SWAPS starts this Friday pm (UK)
is broken. EA don’t give a fuck and like we do every year we give them hundreds of pounds for recycled garbage.
EA are at it again lads. First owner objectives so you better get purchasing packs if you find yourself short of a…
Should I stay up most of the night &amp; get rank div rivals. Or, just get rank ?
First Objectives 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
how to fix this guys? was leading -0 min and the guy pressed pause and this happened...
Having read through the I’m imagining that they’re gonna make it so that it IS possible to do without s…
FIFA TOTW FUT Squad | Team of the Week IF Cards - Dexerto
Is k enough for Rank Division of Division Rival Rewards on PS4
Cheers!
Demo play way better than the actual game
Cant wait to try complete these objectives with the dead cards I get from rewards
With the addition of First Owner Objectives surely we should eect to see more SBCs or is this just a way to encou…
Just equalised in the nd minute, conceded in the th with mins added on. Disaster
LIVE NOW ️ RIVALS// DRAFT// BALDNESS ️
INSANE and Meta/OP Squads for | k/50k/100k Squad Options! |…
We are introducing our FIFA FUT team, Ladies and gentlemen i present you Immigrada Football Club …
Have I unlocked a new ultimate team colour system orrrr has fifa just broken again …
Ending The Night On Division Rivals Then Maybe A FUT Draft! Drop In &amp; Catch Some Games! ️…
Squad up! Come and watch
I guess you're hiding my eyes from how broken this game is
AIO Graphics Mod + NEW Minifaces Fully Licensed Serie BKT, Juventus etc. Fully Licensed National…
Why would you vote for anyone else?
I hope wins POTM I’ve always loved him as a football player. Please EA can you give him a CAM card a…
In the same week hazard and moore and this is the team i made its worth 9 mil but i have untrades so....
WE ARE LIVE! Late night rivals rank grind | OTW Packs | RTG Grind | Tradi…
. When fans asked to improve parts of , we didn’t mean butchering the good parts
Just reached a miles stone here with over ’000 views on thanks so much for everyone that watches my con…
Finally pulled my first Legend in , not the greatest but I'll take it
k rival points done in hours of playing, now prey it’s worth it🥴
Madden : Week roster update must include OVR upgrades for these players - RealSport
Bout to run some with the guys.
Playing squad battles and just played this belter! Best squad name iv seen for along time! I tip my hat to…
When you need to score a header, there's one man who does it in style.
on : HUGE TEAM CHANGES + MASSIVE UPGRADE! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team
I am looking to host a FIFA tournament on Friday night pm BST. DM me if you would like a spot in the tournament…
Man didn't even touch the ball
How to save a free kick. I want this goalkeeper asap
Git up boys
This is 🧤GK Luis Manuel García using his head with an unorthodox save in a friendly against…
The third guy in the pack made me happy, what a pack
Controllers were broken for sure
The best goal I've scored so far
Would be absolutely boss if includes with a scanned face in . He'd be brillia…
Which kit should we give away to this weekend's Tournament winner?
Let’s just put it out there is the worst football video game ever made.. I’d take Fifa ov…
I wish Rashford and Martial were even half as good in real life, as their FIFA cards.. United would win the league…
Live on playing some I am continuing my road to glory with tune in and chill and the chat!…
Who’s up for some online gaming
I need your HELP! I want to open as many of your FUT CHAMPS &amp; RIVALS rewards on stream to film for a YouTube vide…
ONES TO WATCH NOW IN PACKS
MINUTES LEFT!!!! Want to win a copy of from us here at ?! Click on the link below &amp; enter! ⬇️…
th min controversial penalty, Would you agree this is a pen or not? Let me know your thoughts below. (For this is…
spot on for accuracy...
Chelsea Fikayo Tomori reveals he doesn&amp;;t play FIFA and Fortnite with team-mates ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
So today I got rid of all the people who to and didn't. That way I can go onto…
Last night had its ups and downs. But no matter what the FUT grind continues. Stream starts at :10 pm.…
Idk how I just sniped this....
Just played of the most boring games of fifa ever... -3 and -3. Had -70% possession and plenty of shots but t…
If you watch goals &amp; celebrations back on when playing Rivals... you’re a toxic little fucker &amp; I hope you get diarrhoea
We're hosting IXXIJONESIXXI on Mixer playing ! Be sure to show them some support! ️
If you still want to invest tommorow between am-10am you can still get some deals. Just get some popular players…
Heard a terrible story today , kid years old opening packs in for euros. Parents were not able to p…
Go sleep fifa you are drunk
can everyone pls vote for kimmich mandem I need him for my team
NEW FAVORITE DUO🥵️️
anyone wanna sort me out some fifa points my team is shit on fifa RTs appreciated lol
Here's proof I did the
SILVER ALTERATIONS
I am done. i love the way your matchmaking works. Playing with a k Hybrid startet Squad against…
Weltrusten guys! Morgen maybe live op twitch! &lt;3
FIFA Download PC
After years I finally beat , you're next big guy
It’s time for
Very late this week but nonetheless. EA could literally put any half decent game in this week. USA vs Canad…
That's one way to use dragback in
Anyone know what the point threshold is for Div Rank on PS4???
I hate how big an impact pace has on and This new card is unusable compared to th…
Please please check out latest video and give it a like🤪 LITTLE BIT ROCKY!!!!! WEEKEND LEAGUE PT.2 -…
How the heck do you need k+ points for Rank II in div ?!?!
Now it’s FIFA ! We know why! We will do it again!
When rivals rewards come out? Sorry kinda new to rivals🤣
Finally
Watford
Welcome to my team you'll sit nicely with OTW De Jong
Aaron Connolly
What kind of own goal is this???!!!!!!
Remember when EA said FUT Champs Upgrades would be in the game from Launch in ?
Bring Martin Tyler and Alan Smith back
Wanted to bring you a BRAND NEW series of using Youngest High potential Goal Keepers!
Just wanted a cheap player who was quick for POTM because I’m…
Mason Mount
I have to say this card is fucking class game changing
Lowkey wish I could get most of the money I spent on Fortnite back, so I could buy FIFA points
Can someone please elain the positioning of full backs in this fucking game? “Stay back whilst attacking” just do…
The discord will have lobbys, a Portuguese one and an English one, will work with some other guys, but still not…
I have played quite a bit of Fifa this year, and I'm yet to have my goalkeeper catch the football. Just putting this out there.
FIFA TOTW revealed: Dybala, Verratti, Jorginho, and more - GamesRadar
Japanese : Dragon Quest XI S Fends Off Ghost Recon: Breakpoint To Stay Number One 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The in full 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Adama Receives a Game-Breaking Card in FIFA &amp; Latest TOTW 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Facebook and Sony are having a huge fallout 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Get a free FIFA PS4 bundle with a Sony eria contract deal 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Japan: Switch sells K And Dragon Quest IX S remains No.1 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
&amp;;That&amp; how you answer the critics&amp;; Aston Villa fans react to this announcement 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How to Complete Strong Start SBC in FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
PS4 and Xbox fans can now raise cash for Stand Up To Cancer just by playing games 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
German sales for Sept. 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Pilots playing internationally this summer 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Bass-Drop Hits Different!
Well, it only took them two and a half weeks to give me webapp and Companion app access back for my PS4 account. Ha…
why did all the juventus players sky rocket in price ?
Over a whole year of playing fifa i finnished with draws, had fifa for two weeks now and have and i thi…
Why does the Chelsea ai up its intensity every time I play against them? Not even the Man United or City ai does this. lol
Lmao I'm telling you, it's easier to score headers in real life than it is on
Live!! Rivals &amp; Objectives grind!
Most pointless use of goal line technology
is serious about the pace here (ST's pace = !)?
You okay forshaw?
Loll. Dybala If is K+, have people even seen that his stat boosts from his normal card are neglectably?
Discord coming tommorow. Free!!!! Dm to enter.
x Division
FIFA20 IF WESLEY REVIEW w/ PERFORMANCE STATS …
Beautiful play from this lad
Analog Sprint? ON or OFF? and Why? I have it on right now and my pace STs and Wingers always getting caught by pace CBs.
Just played some guy on rivals who had Messi and Suarez in his team. First minutes he was showing off with Messi…
What a freak doing a disconnection glitch at -0 in the th minute. What a nonce.
Faced an opponent with a very difficult team. But the boys did well in the end. My dribbling and defending was top…
Me when I saw IF Adama was a RWB
LIVE! k twitch followers celebration stream! - Thursday flips - Grinding rivals - Sharepla…
Is this enough for rank
ain't shit might as well play fifa
Selling Coins k = £10 only Only PayPal DM if interested
Anyone know what points rank Div is currently on points don't know if that will be enough though
In the mood to be disappointed. So I’m staying up until am to open my WL rewards 🤷‍️
New Twitter revamp for Thoughts?
so guys im doing some FIFA for a little bit! come see how bad I am at the game haha, you might enjoy your self :…
FIFA Review GAME REVIEWS - Softpedia News
What the fuck is wrong with heading?
When you're ready to play fifa and this cunt comes up
Why do I feel Van Dyke is looking at me with disgust when I open the app 🤣🤣 I need to sell my players ffs s…
The FIFA Community when EA drop a Kit SBC...
I KNOW I DONT HAVE HANDBALLS ON BUT COME ON REF !
Why do people in div use squads that don't fit the restrictions? Surely you'd want to practice with the squad you…
Dont forget people!! This weekened i will be announcing the winner of the FUT Champions Edition Code, you still got…
Player Morale: Unhappy
current team...any suggestions guys?
Maddison on fire!
% want to see it, don't worry guys, Friday I will make a big list, it was not worth it this week as players were…
This is why I list for higher than normal price , people for Fresh (No games played) cards 🤩
Unlucky lads the final wasn’t meant to be! FLC Sligo Rovers -3 FLC Canvey Well played everyone and role on the n…
is so bad that I'm not even enjoying it when I'm winning. Lol.
To everyone thats worrying about how high the Rivals rank totals are this year, remember this will be a lot of peop…
yeet
DIVISION RIVALS! (FIFA ) live at
Deadeye is the most OP chemistry style for FIFA20
I’m retiring from fifa!
The pack weight on is utterly disgusting, seems impossible to get anyone over k. Walkouts are rarer than unicorns.
Called it.
Got him in the good start-SBCs, decent pull. What did you get?
Just away from subscribers! Amazing to think we have had pver subscribers in the last couple of days. Incr…
time
The meta of this game has changed so much they’ve ruined pace now so it’s possession for mins
Division !
How do people play like this and have fun? Swear his life is on the line...
FIFA Download PC
Really Love this Game Such Great work Guys
When the AI defenders smash it out the park for the th time instead of playing the simple ball to the wide man.…
I’ve never felt so bored watching or playing a game as I have . Something is very wrong this year
LITTLE BIT ROCKY!!!!! WEEKEND LEAGUE PT.2 - POOR MAN'S RTG . Will be uploading tomorrow morning as w…
So many things have been soft patched in this game. It’s actually laughable they say they release all patch info
Either Drogba or Ferdinand . What about you bros??
servers are absolute trash tonight. Disgusting.
A Movie On Phone Or A Game On TV....
Futbin Tool for Fifa is now Available! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
A Look At The FIFA Volta Shirts 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
COME WATCH THE FINAL!!! KICKING OFF NOW
st pac sho pas dri def phy 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I just want to play some good games after a longs day of work. ️
not a fucking chance am I playing a weekend league or buying packs when this game is in its worst state I don’t giv…
WERE INTO THE FINAAAAALL!!! FLC SLIGO -1 FLC SENGLEA
Tomorrow I have at least k, what should I do? (Alba untrade)
Ben yedder le crack
Don’t mind the pogba shot At first but
FIFA20 worst game ever
Stream on Seguimos a full con Division Rivals + Sobres SBC …
Does anyone know the rank points needed for division
FIFA ROAD TO GLORY - HOW TO GET INTO - ULTIMAT...
Ok so when will do another boot update? I really thought their would be more stuff available but seem…
minutes sniping Juve players and I made k profit. Missed all the gold ones tho.
On a personal level the new penalty shot out system in is horrible... and I get players on a team like Salf…
Opening rewards tonight!! If you got ps4 and want your packs opened on stream i got you! Just stop by the stream an…
Someone said to list my Juve and Liverpool players
Will ,000 be enough for Rank ?
I’m not one to complain about brands too often or games, especially, as I know how hard they are to make. That said…
In all seriousness... Have you actually played Volta yet?
Another day and is still unplayable garbage
Okay what do you think so far
Struggled like mad on Rivals tonight on both consoles, when you’re having a bad night this fifa you just can’t get…
I really like this the manager press match interviews on
Anyone else's division rivals not working ?
Ninian FC can confirm the signing of Manuel Neuer for a fee of ,750 coins including add ons. Help us welcome Manu…
DOUBLE OR NOTHING Does anyone want to do a best out of classic games on Fifa (FUT) ...looser gives the other k…
PART OF MY MASSIVE K POINTS PACK OPENING
Same game, different year
that’s enough fifa till champs now my heads fried, gameplays tragic in rivals. Drafts pointless and well enough is…
Just destroyed on and he deleted it
Hoping for at least a bergwijn or a plea for our rewards this week. Swing by the stream to see what we pack …
I’m not saying fifa was good by any means but tbh I much prefer its gameplay to ’s. it’s sad really. This…
I’m done with
there’s for you, and that’s jus rivals it’s fucking wank
I swear this guy was a rapid not so long ago... what the hell happened?! Did he lose a leg or something! Surely age…
If you guys can snipe like Flash get a Semedo and sell when they change the PR, probs in around mins/1h. Easy …
kk Tech avión investments Eect huge market rise after rewards
had too be done
still grinding skill rating needs to be worked on
My favourite card on so far this year. Absolutely tears down that left. Highly recommend
Cheap - Budget - Eensive!See what you can get for k, k and no limits in your budget! seriea was packed w…
Can't believe I just witnessed Nick28T fall of his chair while ranting about Funniest shit ever! lmao GG Ni…
What formation are you playing? If not listed for a vote - Reply with the Formation
Nothing cheers you up more after a long, hard day than coming home, putting on and listening to its amazing…
Fifa is shite
SEMI FINAL KICK OFF :30! FLC Sligo Rovers v FLC Senglea Come join and support us!
Trading Tipps? DM me
LMFAO people who watch every replay till the end bruh
CHO-Time
Thanks to those who popped in to the stream, terrible pack luck and yet again next to no content on next st…
Please &amp; fix career mode, because we spent our fucking money on a broken game!
I am happy that it works for you And great job!
Support the man!
Hoppla.........^^
Two shots almost identical ending in goals
new youtube channel fifa with fut gameplay rewards and more !! SUB AND SHOUT IT OUT
Completed marquees matchup and pulled this out of the pack
FLC Sligo -0 FLC Telford!!!! Come on boys into the Semis!!!
Was trying to buy one of These to invest and I couldnt snipe any Semedo or buy a Tagliafico for the target price I…
Buy him!!! You can sold him in -2h for k
My manager which is supposed to be me looks like he hasn’t had a good nights sleep in weeks. THIS IS THE MO…
Joke how hard this actually is now. …
Just say yes to ! Wait...what were you thinking?
BREAKING NEWS!! It was just brought to our attention that Wayne Rooney is in fact NOT signing with our t…
This counter attack throughball was ludicrous! Can't believe i pulled it off. …
Anyone else completed this yet? Seems pretty rare!
what a guy big up ea lol
Is fifa down for anyone else xbox
Petition to ban sweaty goals on fifa?
THANKS for the support tonight dudes!! Always a pleasure ! ‍️️️ and of…
I'm averaging under games of played a day (excluding champs) How much FIFA are you guys playing?
Registration is open for our Weekly Series Tournament Tomorrow ⌚️Thurs Oct - PM EST (11PM UK Ti…
About to try out these sweaty beasts...
This team is so fun to play with!
Well done I played this game non stop through to May last year. Been playing since RTWC97.…
We climbing
[NEW VIDEOS] Coming Soon. Watch Here: likes and it drops tomorrow. remaini…
DIV || get your season tickets for div as we are points away with games left.
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Gold upgrade OP
FIFA GRIND!!!!!! !giveaway - Season Objectives - Rival Games - Few more follow to …
First Draft win
WE ARE LIVE ️ It's.................. 's account LOL
Damn, forgot to add to my last tweet about
Fifa gameplay is so boring. Games feel so slow.
AIO Graphic Mod for is HERE! Access V0.0.1 -&gt;
[NEW VIDEOS] PUKKI POWER | OUR FIRST GAME (FIFA20) Watch Here: PUKKI POWER…
Do love that inevitable match on where the AI decides to handicap you massively because you've won too many…
are the rewards on division rivals worth it??
Got to div before rewards, nice, trying to aim for div now, but its hard up here.
Made over K profit due to todays sbc being released.
Looking for the following positions for Pro Clubs PS4... CAM'CDM'CB'GK. Send me a dm if interested
We are Live!! FIFA Division Rivals Grind, Pushing for that rank Finish! Will I find games in…
Only 's kids remember Volta
Ok time for a rest. Tomorrow we’ll talk cards, ok?
FLC Sligo Rovers v FLC Telford LIVE NOW!!!! Quarter Finals!!! Come support
Wishing coutinho a great career with bayern ......from a L F C fan
What should I go for?
Anyone know if are reliable? Looking for vintage Arsenal jerseys to be delivered to the US. Thanks in…
just beat FLC Burnley -1! Catch the next round LIVE pm!!!
WHAT A TEAM!!! 🥳🥳🥳 Chemistry: Perfect links: ️⃣ Chemistry styles: -3-3(4) …
THIS IS THE CHEAPEST WAY FOR ONLY K (NO LOYALTY - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM)
Anyone tell me what div rank points are at
When you pack something good but your parents are in the next room sleeping.
the pack luck continues
Walkout... Brazil... LW... Almost screamed. looool
Longest wall in the history of pro clubs
New thumbnail for !
Our dude is on that wave today! Let's have some fun, squad:
Final List for tonight! Buy at rewards, bid if necessary. Clichy (LB) 🇫🇷 Schnatterer (RM) 🇩🇪 Schopf (RM) 🇦🇹 F…
Been offered for £30. Now I definitely wouldn't pay full price but is it worth it? Mainly play career mode..
When my goalkeeper passes straight to the opponents striker and they score...
Here are the Bundesliga POTM nominees for September! Who are you voting for?🤔
... Thats Ladys and Gentleman.
Show me your WL squads
Piam...piermo...piamont... Forget it, JUVENTUS was on tonight. Who else made bank today with Juve or Liverpool?…
Thoughts on TOTW?
From earlier, i was down -0 and on the th minute, i make the greatest comeback in fifa with Kondogbia …
is a different game everytime you switch it on! Last night it played fine, nothing changed my end and tonig…
Erm can anyone help as to why this is diffrent chemistry please
Imagine making a transfer of €120 million in the summer transfer window and still not having a Game Face in …
Another one down.
Purchasing this year has been the biggest robbery of my life.
When you pay £60 for specifically for career mode and it turns out to be very disappointing, almost unplaya…
Anyone wanna buy m Xbox coins Dm
Fifa is fucking shite!
Not sure if it's enough for rank in division . If you are in rank , division please let me know the lowest am…
The amount of bugs in is obscene .. sound dropouts, invisible players, slow menus .. these sh…
x LFC players bought at k when the sbc came out. Nice, easy &amp; fast profit 🤑🤑🤑 …
draft win
in case you can’t find the link
Pre-Rewards -&gt; Post Rewards was gonna buy Auba but decided to buy Kante instead and rearrange the defence a bit! R…
Crack
So yeah, mystery ball is pretty fun
This had been circling around on Twitter?! THOUGHTS? Kindly share and drop a follow please! …
Anyone else completed all the season objectives currently available? Would love to see more released regularly…
Lmao I’m bronze .
| Cannot wait for my player picks tomorrow
Guess whats coming within hrs 🤙
There goes Monday’s content.
Fifa is officially the worst football game ever. The designers have officially fuck3d it
I think it’s a sign, mid game of and my TV has suddenly died and is not working. A blessing.
Show me your Fifa teams lads I’m bored. Challenge any man to have a better team than me
trading plus possible girlfriend packs 🤔
Great lineup against liverpool
Will I stay in until rewards?
The lazy buyers are my heros, /6k a card and I'm just gonna snipe some IF Dunks for under k to replace them…
This game won’t fix itself
We're still live! Building quite a decent side here for PUKKI POWER!!!
Half the shit on doesnt even work. Volta doesn't even load and career mode is beyond broken
We. Do. Not. Give. Up. It was U25s action tonight due to a lack of personnel. Getting some much needed minutes un…
Improvements for k?
If you're getting annoyed by already, go download Insane draft/pack opening app, completely free to download!
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
How many points you need for rank Div
The famous Fifa script is alive and kicking. On what planet is this a penalty ?? Ended up losing this…
We've missed you, old friend. Glad to meet you again!
LOOK AT THE TIME I EQUALISED You just KNOWWWW homie regrets kickin it out trying to run the clock down Loving…
FIFA Download PC
Is it just me or is the worst FIFA in years?? There's a lot to be fixed
Ummm... player packs OP? 🇫🇷
I am -14 in Fifa . Defending got harder in my opinion. And when I have shots and on target with no…
Sane worth K?
Other potential future star cards on Abraham, Tuanzebe, Greenwood and Tomori
Can anyone tell me on how much chemestry a sub player plays if he come in at minute ?
We’re live ladies and gentlemen! Rivals grind &amp; Pro clubs
HOW TO USE FUTBIN CLUB IMPORT! Get your FUTBIN Import set up with these simple steps…
Strong Start SBC Boooom
Come join us and say hello Check out Objectives? Completed them mate! Road to Glory
Enough to stay rank in Div ?
Just going over some Icon Flipping on stream if you guys want to tune in!
ULTIMATE TEAM | THE CHEAP - FUT CHAMPS via First Weekend League w…
Qualifying for next fut champions!!! And opening some packs!!! …
Saw this earlier and tried it myself with success! FIFA - How to score direct from corner. …
Anyone playing GTA or Fifa20? Get at me!
With the current Meta, this card looks unreal..
Can’t wait for Saturday competition loading
My pack pulls so far, am I lucky?
Anyone make me a team for million
THE NO LA LIGA FUT DRAFT CHALLENGE | FIFA FUT DRAFT I'm looking for people to collab w…
Liverpools GOAT came straight in
Another absolutely GOATED stream! Thank you so much to everyone who comes out and enjoys the day with me. It genuin…
Welcome king.
My Vote went to Phillipe
Loans are broken ?
Gonna be streaming my road to glory at PM EST make sure to tune in!
Proste.
Weekend League squad :
Does anyone know why my rewards have not change when I look if tho I have come up a division???
The road to division one continues head over to the channel and show some love …
is actually the worst game I’ve ever played.
that angle tho
Corners/crosses, in Fifa :
Hey here I am again don't understand why I must beg for a reply from EA and unfortuna…
When you score a last min winner on FIFA but your paranoid of waking up your parents
*winning -0 in career mode, th min* Martin Tyler: they are just trying to get across the line. …
k pack OP!!!!!
I make my bros hate this game
Anyone else still having issues connecting to servers on ?
K to finish this off. People get it done
When you see it's a walkout
Ok so FIFA19 had some issues. We had to download a -2 GBz minimum update weekly for the whole season period, in ho…
not a single walkout yet🤦‍️
Arsenal Future Star Cards we could see in
It's a genuine shame that is already boring. can do so much more to the game! Just look at ma…
RB Gnabry? Fastest german to reach goals, beating icon Klose.
Tickets sell out in minutes as Iran lets women into soccer for st time in years
How on Earth am I playing people with Neymar, Son and Mbappe front threes on .. It’s good to know that pay…
Kimmich would be a SICK RB/RWB.
RETWEET TO PISS OFF A UNITED FAN 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The Wall !
One of my favourite players already in Him and are great this year
wasted Wednesday, playing some and watching
Just found a new cheat code on🤷‍️
Help me finish squad for weekend league. k budget. formation preferably -1-2-1-2(2)
Getting half decent at this pro clubs. So rewarding winning! Bounced between clubs, found a good one and currently…
Just putting it out there is still scripted...
Does anybody know how much score it is for rank in th division? just went up to th division and I'm not sure if…
Why is Adama Traore so overhyped? His pace makes up, for running after his touch
I’m live with the boys playing Pro Clubs -
So I cant even use my own name..
How fucking horrid are the songs on
Just a little live reaction of when I packed Ronaldo!
When Tierney and Bellerin finally start a game together
Wow what the actual fuck. Sacked as manager because i paid a great young player £2000 more than another. F…
Ahh it all makes sense now typical EA
Weird stream for me today it really was. Thank for the raid you are a legend! All the resubs and bits tha…
Ight, wtf is this ....🤔
thanks ️ now new challenge
Who’s managed to snipe a Nelson Semedo TOTW LB card EASports?
ESTAMOS EM LIVE JOGADORES DO LIVERPOOL &amp; PIEMONTE CALCIO SELL IT!!! | ROADTO400Folowers…
Oh how im gonna enjoy this online
Is Laca as good as the hype makes him sound, I've seen a lot of people hype him up for Fifa , like k seems like a lot for him
Nice Flip
Me if Emery continues to play Torreira as a
These are CHEAP players that are commonly being used in specific SBC’s that you can buy during &amp; just after rewards…
He finally Found His Magic back! What a beast. YNWA. We miss…
GOAT (all online too)
Live over on Twitch with FIFA , so come and chill out on stream with me whilst I play. -Playing some Division Ri…
er match contre Let's Go les gars ! ️
Wish I understood the hype of Pro Clubs. Never been interested and don’t see the appeal.
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: The best in pay to play action…
Anyone else getting a bug in fifa on rivals or squad battles where you go to switch teams but it puts you back into…
Why have they made Lee Din so salty on
Going to grind my ass off tonight to make sure I get rank in rivals. Looking forward to FUTChamp and rivals rewards tomorrow
Have some o that b!tch, back alley king! Hahaha
WE ARE LIVE!! The Bury Boy Career Mode continues as we try to take Bury Fc to European Glory in …
Snipes and a tip! Be patient with a card like Vieira that is so meta and in demand. Fluctuations to sell will app…
Fifa seasons is mad you know, started with Blades and into my rd season signed, messi, auba, sane, bernat, Case…
Firmino, F Anderson and Mahrez are not for me. Idk how some pace defenders can catch them. …
How’s it going tonight guys? I have a question to you all? Do you think FUT Champs should give more Rivals points t…
Its been days since the full release of how would you guys rate the amount of SBCs (or lack there of) in the game so far?
th minute equaliser, great game
RIDICULOUS PACK LUCK
Petr Cech has signed with Guildford Phoenix
Who Took My Advice From My Video Yesterday And Doubled Whatever They Invested? Next Investment Briefly Mentioned In…
Guess who's back!! …
Best striker in the world
Streaming NOW Come say hi! Playing some and opening packs. Also I need help…
Streaming NOW Come say hi! Playing some and opening packs. Also I need help…
rated Adama Traore just come on and scored past me looks like it’s time to try and snipe his inform🤣
TOTW ! + Some compliments. Get your investments boys.
Oh why is my RF/LF standing at my corner flag from my kick off?!?!? anyone got an answer or a…
Thursday flip list Wijnaldum 🇳🇱 &lt;30k Sancho 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 &lt;18k Arnold 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 &lt;26 Gnabry 🇩🇪 &lt;27 Goretska 🇩🇪 &lt;32 Anderso…
natural passing skilful patience focus this is my game.
Just finished editing the second video for my channel! It's a video on the new Volta gamemode and it took…
Sniping Players,
not a fan of Rivals. Jesus Christ the button delay is awful.its like supervising the Clowns 🤡 at work tell…
I have ONE complaint only BECAUSE IT'S NOT ARTHUR ??
k for £10
Without a doubt worth every penny, cost just over k, I've made over k back with plenty of players still left to…
I think &amp; are the first players of who really look like themselves in …
FIFA Ultimate Team: TOTW Red Player Pick Guide - Dybala, Jorginho, Immobile &amp; more - RealSport
Trying to snipe Piemonte Calcio players on is like trying to eat with your mouth closed.
Incase no one saw yesterday's tweet I have to go get a few things today so I will be on around pm or pm UK ti…
Hey Fans, We'd like to show our gratitude to the content creators playing and promoting our game. Check o…
Whoever thought the crossing and finishing on Fifa was acceptable must be on crack
Team for Weekend League
card gonna be af
LIVE ALERT -FUT Draft -RTG Updates Subscribe like Share …
Does anyone know what the minimum score is for rank div
Am I going to drop out of rank here?
And now first icon!! Super purtugeze)))
Simple mistake but still.. I’m really not unbeaten...
Guranteed coins is sniping this man at k. Bergwijn extinct at k is ridiculous tho 🤣 * WF long passing. St…
Take notice I want myself a team of the week card soon
Double walkout Today
It's Witcher Wednesday! We'll have The Witcher tonight, but for now..it's FIFA time! Let's go!…
After rewards tmorow thinking of changing my team up because it’s too slow ) My team ) Future ? do you think I sh…
How many points do i need to stay rank on for div
Disconnected again.
should i sell OTW de jong? got no idea what to do
Got some really straightforward tips in the pipeline in preparation for Rewards tomorrow. I’ve put together som…
I swear, everytime I've gone to play .. THERES A FUCKING UPDATE!!
He deserves this
Why does it feel like Joe Gomez has pace on this game!?
FIFA on pc is the way forward
Seasons: Stuck Celtic in EFL League , along with our best pals Rangers, and building a squad from (almost)…
He’s magic, you know he’s magic, you know......
pls vote him
Send me a pic of your current team, I need some ideas for a new team to build
Volta futbol must be the best thing to come outta bruh
Anyone know how many points div rank is?
LIVE!
Go and check out the second episode to my FIFA Road to Glory! I packed someone insane f…
Will defend his crown ? The will return for the Global Series! Details ⬇️
Insult to injury. Chinese league very OP
WE ARE LIVE!! Packs to open at the start...more grinding on the and a brand new team to get used!!…
We are back Scrubs for the start of our week lets get it
I am now LIVE!!! Plan for the stream includes: SBC Packs Trading Tips for all budgets New sub sound! New Sub co…
Anyone who started in division at the start of this week know what the threshold is for rank and rank ?? I jus…
Ya, Coutino deserves it
Never on the + years of playing fifa have i ever felt so bored it's only week two of and i have no desire…
If you’re still thinking of doing the Walcott SBC, k w a LaLiga team is probably as cheap as it’ll get …
guys I don't wanna mess things up so we get Division Rivals rewards at am UK and Fut Champs at am UK?!
Two legends of the scene in one night? Just need and it's a full house!
Easy k from not the greatest pack
Better be a CAM
time for fifa rage …
¿What is your favourite mode in ?
The cheapest -rated cards on the market. I'm definitely investing. …
Unfortunately, I didn’t get a buy price pic, but he was bought at k last night. Biggest flip so far. k profit…
Liverpool player listing 🥳 k in minutes. Lets gooo --- …
FIFA Download PC
Verified players for practice games on the new server?
The chip is back in ! It's a very reliable way of scoring in vs1 situations against the goalkeeper. Learn h…
This game is literally just rebounds and nothing else
My timeline is constantly full of hate for both and am I missing something? I'm loving my master l…
Game - Independiente -2 Eintracht Frankfurt - and there is my st defeat online this season. shots to their…
mil Transferprofit growing slowly but steady (5mil traget for October) …
Gucci Goal 🤴 Rate this goal from -10
Buzzing to get stuck into and . Shout out to for sorting me out
With the server down I decided to practice on career mode... Yo you need to talk to someone a…
So, is shit isn’t it
Getting the e to level up on , go to collect reward and it kicks you off FUT and when you load back in the E and level have gone
One of the worst headers ever led to one of my best goals yet in Career Mode!
When you guys fixing the servers
You can say whatever you like about Fifa, but... DON'T YOU DARE TELL ME IT'S UNREALISTIC. …
Paid $100 for the game to realise is actually call Piemonte Calcio WTF!!! What a waste of $100…
Don’t worry Corey.
Strong Start - Oct. th. k worth of packs. Piemonte Calcio players are -9k a piece. Try &amp; snipe
Start making coins now with our trading method guides here --&gt;
Few changes Kante Neymar Rio Mendy
Wesley gets an in form card on Well done big man!
I’m actually so shit at ffs
New YouTube Video being uploaded tonight!
Lol the tactical defending on requires at least grade with a decent APS score... because wow.
Anyone elses Pro clubs not loading up?
always loved coutinho!
Suarez and oblak welcome to the fifa team
Live now boys! Forfeit Fifa is gonna hurt... let’s go!
I actually think it would be sick for Coutinho to get a POTM. He deserves it as well and it would be cool for hybri…
Kimmich is a Boss.
Needed for my untradable OTW future inform boost
Who have you voted for?
FIFA | Every Possible Free Kick via
Profit from the Strong Start SBC!
Just won the draft on pens -7 in game
This was my choice what was yours
Who thinks fifa gameplay has got x worse since the servers went down the other day?
"The th Man, now available via Season Objectives!"
Sneaky little stream tonight. Come join me. Hopefully I'll even win a game lol
Would be an insane RB imo
How many times??
Made a daft comment about Defoe still being in a kit on and not got about ,000 notificatio…
Current UT
Two players from make the ! …
First earnings. By miracle market havent been shut down
Why won’t it let me buy more than £3.99!?
PRO CLUBS ROAD TO DIVISION !! {PS4} FOLLOW TO JOIN THE TEAM!
DIVISION RIVALS AND MAYBE CAREER MODE LATER, COME AND CHAT.
WE LIVE
This is outrageous. Sold for k ? LOL
Game - Huracan -0 RSC Anderlecht - I just took the lead to make it -1 and this little angry man rage quit. He…
Have some of that!!!
when you see it🤔🧐... what’s up with this game?
Maniks day stream is on day /7 come watch here …
First cup. Here we go!!
LIVE NOW ️ RIVALS// DRAFT// BALDNESS ️
Gold-Up
Come chill in chat Check out Objectives? Completed them mate! Road to Glory
Just scored my first corner on
LIVE Training with team Grazer e-SC. Stop by at
Typical just played a quick game, responsive gameplay and was -0 up in mins before rage quit with goals going in…
To all Pro Snipers out there in FIFA, I salute you
We live playing some …
Twitter? Completed it mate.
Liverpool and Juventus or as some people might call them Piemonte Calcio players have gone up in value so maybe sel…
It's so frustrating, I was so looking forward to getting stuck into and it's been two weeks before I got bo…
Built my first team is an absolute legend …
Scraping a win against a starter prem side, Drop back the entire game. I love
Gonna Start Selling Thumbnails For £1!!! VERY Cheap! Will not always be selling them so if you are interest…
New Completed ! Show us who you got!! …
Well that sbc paid out for me! 🤣
I bought Bentancurs for thinking Juve would be in MM last week, but instead EA dropped this bomb on me 🤑 Co…
FIFA Ultimate Edition Digital Code $/20€/16£/₹1,500 ONLY CODES LEFT!
new x Ultimate Team cards designed so far today! Big things coming soon, so stay…
LETSSS FUCKINGGGG GOOOOOO Completed the marquee matchups / Strong Start with untrades and got this Thank y…
Middle of the pitch amazing freekick
Game - Godoy Cruz -2 Albacete BP - a difficult game but with shots I should’ve done better. -0-0. …
Should I start the Celtic career on fifa and hope it dont bug out orrrr continue with the fifa AC Milan caree…
New post up of my latest FUT Draft! It’s been a while smh. Let me know what you guys think!
Okie
Investment right now: Sancho Brandt -20k Thiago -16k Benzema -19k Vertonghen k Alderweireld k
Just went -0 down to an Ultra D knobhead and came back to win -3 in the th min, you better believe i ran around…
k to improve this team. Who do I get people?!
WE ARE LIVE!!! Division Rivals Grind!!!
Highest rated player? 🤩 Most underrated player? Ultimate Team must-have? Every rating on
This is what you hate to see when you already have untradeable lloris and otw pepe
International break this weekend I’m getting on Friday.. Can’t stand international break
Just got my th win feels good
What teams is everyone rocking on ? Fancy a change
Going well. Won't return my PS4 PRO as I % feel a difference in menus + gameplay speed. Bought my own virtual se…
think it's acceptable to ban some one who has done nothing wron…
🤑 thanks Juventus sbc 🤑
No chance to buy an inform Semedo, just want him in my team but EA fucked up once again.
Swansea city Career Mode
might be the most boring version of FIFA ive ever played
Ever since has released, we've been hard-pressed to get Javier away from his screen! As such, he's writ…
*NEW VIDEO* HE DID NOT SEE THIS COMING! - -
STREAM GOING LIVE IN MINUTES - SBC'S -DIVISION RIVALS -SQUAD BATTLES LETS GET IT
I want sooo bad
Martinelli is unreal on career mode
good week for me, hope i‘ll get also good results on the Weekend League
Does anyone know if there’s a way to check weekly Division Rivals points? I’m in Rank but I’m not sure how close…
▫️ELITE REWARDS◽️ ️2200 FP GIVEAWAY️ For every DYBALA, IMMOBILE, VERRATI &amp; GOMEZ I pack I’ll be giving away …
Live and on time whos impressed ? Get in here lads
Don't know which is funnier here 🤔: A club, Manchester United playing against a National Team Austria in C…
NEW STRONG START SBC - CHEAP METHOD , , ,
Someone come &amp; collect their kid please
Opens a rare mega pack, mega pack and a rare players pack best player.. Casteels! Come on this is woeful
Feel like is gonna be like this: “Last year at this point we had *insert really cool promo that died after…
Tourney In A Hour, &amp; I Have A Half Busted Controller.. You Love To See It!…
If you guys had the chance to change something when you first started streaming, what would it be and why?…
Xbox division rank2-rank1 boundary anyone?
Is anyone else having problems with ? Mine constantly crashes and like everyone I hate the game play. Thank…
Time to try my new team wish me luck
Thank you , , &amp; ! ️
Current squad and looking for an upgrade, preferably cm. Thoughts?
is fucking broken! sort this game out! The GK punching is ridiculously broken, the rebounds a…
Decent SBC if you have some of the Juventus and Liverpool players in your club k in coins as a result not complet…
Filthy goal from Jesus
Well deserved of the special card Adama. A rating of and a silver card wouldn't do at all.
How many points would secure rank in division ?
Plz vote for him he could be great little budget card with the *sm
Thanks for followers! ️
Strong Start - Completed - Rare Gold Pack!
FIFA : How to Complete Strong Start SBC - Twinfinite
You know what it is... FIFA timeeee , grinding for FUT Champs and Rank
We know how rough the grind can be so today we've got some great tips to help you climb the ranks!…
Is the world record FUT DRAFT???
Must buy
rosary tournament come on
This man is actually insane on Career Mode. (Legendary)
Hey ! What about setting speaker in every stadium and not only in Premier League? 🤔 Could be included…
Checks club for Juventus players...
Strong Start - Premier League - k - Premium Electrum Players Pack!
Tried selling bentacur from juve for coins earlier and he didn’t sell... just sold him for k GG to me
bit of may open a few packs and do some
Odd tactics from Watford... Fifa20 is broken!
Al lio!!!!!!
was in ’s first away win in y earned his way to the ! …
Lol even the transfermarket is lagging now in
Can any eerienced Ultimate Team players out there help me with this SBC? I’m suppose to achieve a chemistry of …
is unplayable! Can i have a refund?
Let's check this one out
It's written in the stars
Strong Start - Serie A TIM - k - Small Prime Gold Players Pack!
If anyone has any low rated Liverpool or juventus players in their club sell now
COIN GIVEAWAY! We're giving away K Credits on to EVERY follower that Retweets…
Save Money When Buying Digital Versions of or FUT Points - Save up to % Here …
Packed nothing out of the new SBC. What did you guys get?
Finally just me and you ️ …
While some of y’all be playing imma be grinding to be in FIFA .
Did anyone actually get anything from that strong start SCB
What is wrong with EA? I mean, do they think we’ll play the actual game more if they give us less content? 🤷‍️…
Available on: PS4 k - $ | Xbox One k -…
Fifa Strong Start SBC! Link:
BIT OVER DUE BUT ITS LIVE!!
WATCH OUR NEW HEAD TO HEAD EPISODE: This week we're getting to grips with Volta - but wh…
STRONG START SBC! Road To Glory
Here is the BEST team you can build in
Thank god fifa made Adama Traore’s IF a RWB instead of RW, hopefully won’t be as many sweaty year olds scoring past me with him
TOTW !!! Adama I see you 🇪🇸
Screen shot taken mid selling point; Bought De Sciglio’s for &lt;2500 Sold majority for -8k Roughly k made…
The fuck is this
How good does this look man?
Right I think I’ve just scored my best goal ever on FIFA! Surely this deserves…
FIFA Server Down Status, login issues, Maintenance and other details for PlayStation , Xbox One, and PC.…
So I’ve done the SBC we got.... Now what?
- OTW LUKAKU K AND UNDER -Tech Avion on a tonne of informs -"Strong Start "🤣 SBC Flips …
Live in minutes lads, get your food eaten , put the kids to bed and get your feet up for a division rivals grind…
With rewards back tomorrow, so is Stop the GIF! The first reds of , are you feeling lucky g…
Fuck off
FIFA Purchased...
ICYMI: The second episode of my FIFA Road to Glory is live! I packed someone amazing i…
I did however manage to finish off the English section of National Pride with untradeables. WISH ME LUCK!
Der Champ &amp; ! 🤙
Got this in a mega pack
Hey fans, We know all of these legends have retired recently, but have no plans currently on releasing any…
What’s the trick to getting access to FUT Transfer Market on the Companion App then?
Sum players same shit all game av sum fun
Day : Nothing new about bugs of Career Mode of please.
Tragic but my best pull from "Strong Start" SBC Generally though sell ALL Liverpool &amp; Juve players. NOW ... they…
I don’t know what to say, I’ve been blown away with the support I’ve gotten on . When I started streaming I n…
The packweigth on FIFA is actually tragic
Just scored a th min winner with
Just can’t seem to get to grips with already bored and not enjoying the gameplay. Will finish up rivals lat…
First TOTW packed
Anyone with Liverpool or Juventus players. Sell now!!!
Holy moly bought for sold for over k
It's really difficult but there's alot of money to be made if you can successfully snipe Liverpool players atm
Holy cow all Piemonte Calcio players are above K now
Anyone else having consistent problems with the WebApp and Companion Apps? I consistently get blank screens or have to re-login.
I’m live playing Fifa20 n beating kids using their mums credit card …
If you aren't gonna drop any content on your game that dropped WEEKS Ago... At least drop some fucking promo pack…
Sbc was overpriced but I got lucky so it paid off
Two dead af SBC No Record Breaker vela No new objectives, milestones, nada.
Taking me a while to get used to the defending mechanics but I'm loving how the passing feels
Tune in!! new fifa video now live on youtube!! *BRAND NEW* Fifa (gameplay reviews &amp; features)…
This SBC makes me feel like Italy &amp; England will be in Marquee Matchups tomorrow. England play Czech Republic &amp; B…
FaZe Clan is just absolutely crushing it. Shoutout to and
I am back with another video!!!! How will my do and i also do FIFA My FUT Journey EP3…
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!!!Dm…
Please dont tell me have forgotten breaking the goalscoring record where is his ????…
We Are Buying: MUT20 coins FUT20 coins RIGHT NOW!!!! XBOX ONE PAYING TOP RATES AND ANSWER INSTANTLY!! Dm…
When you know, you know
Rangers Defoe named in Fifa Team of the Week after Hamilton hat-trick - The Scottish Sun
GET IN
Goes to buy a Piemonte Calcio player
Rare bronze player in the market it’s good for invest …
Overpriced dead sbc for tonight's content
Career Mode Episode !
New SBC paying out
Spent k to do the SBC. Made k. Not even mad, I just enjoy SBC's
This is madness. k for a player who will be packed a tonne tomorrow because of some SBC . I'll wait
FIFA CAREER MODE | REBUILDING MAN UTD | EPISODE Check out my latest video! I have started my new FIFA Care…
still sleeping all gammin coming to mobile what is happened!! …
Nah. First ever walk-out from the level season reward.
Some of my best goals from so far!
pack luck has been utter dirt from I got it
NOUVELLE TEAM OF THE WEEK
From the small prime nd time this year
GOALIE IS TRAAASSHH
Juve players up at K for an SBC that in all honesty doesn’t give a lot back. Fuck that.
If your looking for a rapid Striker in the st Transfer Window. (with an added Potential Boost to Exciting Prospect…
My st Draft Mode ever in FIFA. Did I just got a beginners luck? So stoked!
Jaysus got a red card for this
Where’s the decent content
Why the fuck can’t I tackle or play football the way i used to before the patch on career mode.. any…
Sniped two Piemonti players for k. Pog.
Fuck all in the packs, mins and the games boring again
*FIFA * RTD5 / RANK1 DIVISION RIVALS!! via WE LIVE COME THRUU
The irony in this SBC is unreal....🤣
Hey fans, Complete this new by submitting gold players for your chance to get back at least rar…
Anyone else just love Fifa pro clubs
How y’all put new content out but servers down
When you hate negative game and you get an apology from the person you met online, you tend to lose the anger and j…
What this Fifa hasn't been for EA...
It's heeeeere! How many did you predict? - I got just !
I interviewed my brother about when we practiced soccer when we were little and how we still play now …
Best FK I have scored on Fifa to date
That Adama inform should've been a striker version...
Content?!?
Cherry bomb getting me through today's division rivals live on -…
Everyone wishing to enter our FREE FIFA tournament please fill out the form below to enter, also please join our…
Omg, Icon!!!!
*NEW* : Strong Start announced
Hey fans, "Start" your day "Strong" and complete these Brand NEW, Fresh Daily Objectives!!!
CHEAP *BEASTLY* Premier League Squad for What changes would YOU make?
How are you packing from this?
They named a new SBC ‘Strong Start’ how ironic is that lmaoooo
Surely not?!
'That's how you answer the critics' Aston Villa fans react to this announcement
Season is finally out! Check out the here: Shoutout…
Might be the earliest a game of fifa is on the brink of dying
FIFA Career Mode - Decide whether this is a penalty or not
every time I see there’s no good content pm on
New SBC
when You try to score from meters and fail, try to score from half field. In additional t…
FIFA - Team of the week !
days in a row with no promo packs what’s the point of having Fifa points saved up
Got my cover! Thanks great quality and service definite recommend …
WE GOT CONTENT!!!!
Loooooooool shit SBC, this is intentional after what has happened
The best Premier League FUT starter team for under ,000 coins It is possible to build a brilliant tea…
How many walkouts should you eect from x Mega Packs x Rare Players Pack x Prime Gold Players Pack
Ultimate Team has ruined FIFA
images coming soon on ~ Thanks to for his great work
Just give him the money. 🤣.
I’m so angry with
pm = i dare you
Not exactly jizzing in my pants with this one.
Lets hope for something good
Which attack is better?
Xhaka after completing one game without making an error
What formation is everyone using atm, I think i need to change mine
Now played a Online Friendly. This is definitely Man United in a real life. Men ain't moving fuh rsl !!!
Class -
Can’t for the life of me enjoy at all every game I have at least shots and a lot of the ball and I eithe…
Just know!
defending is a sick joke on all game modes
Final group standings! …
Anyone interested in an Online Management game? Run entirely through . Hoping to grow this into…
Delayed cos I was chatting to me neighbour..... WE ARE LIVE FOR TOTW4!! -IF Dybala!! IF Immobile!!! IF Gomez!! Co…
Get a free FIFA PS4 bundle with a Sony eria contract deal - Eert Reviews
Seems like I'm the only person who is to stupid to score regularly with Mbappe at 🤦‍️
Content soon!
% incoming and want Congrats on an incredible playing career, Basti! Onto the next adventur…
Today was a Wal-Mart run for other things but had my eyes on this and had to cop it. It's starting to be an annual…
New tattoo and , modern day wedding anniversary presents. Thank you
I'm thinking about changing my player on pro clubs from Mason Mount but who should I chose
Road to Zidane day - another slow day for me I’m the trading department unfortunately as I have a big project at…
Trent-Arnold when he realized Rebekah was pregnant 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I think i now have more red cards than goals on
Without context this picture looks pretty weird...
Another example of better than generic on Giovanni Di Lorenzo )Elain to me why don't you gi…
Hidden new skill move in
If u say Fifa is shit, you’re honestly terrible &amp; you should sell the game hth
Is every game on ULTIMATE TEAM played under the floodlights?
anyone else fifa online playing up everytime I kick off of my players am standing by the corner flag
FIRST REDS!! TOTW REVIEW ft. Dybala, Gomez, Immobile.. - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM link:
How should i change my team
Sorry like but Fifa is the worst pile of shit i've ever fucking played.... FUCK OFF!!!
SQUAD BATTLES DANDO UN RATITO AL FLOW / / …
Sold my OTW Sarabia at k and now I’m just waiting for him to get back to k to buy him back. OTWs are such a great feature.
Anyone want to give me k for
One of the worst team of the weeks I’ve ever seen, all of it is trash
Daily routine: get home from work turn on PS4, play one game of Fifa20, turn it off straight after as it's fucking…
I'm not yet a fan of tbh. Awful gameplay right now.
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! (FIFA ) Squad Battles live at
Someone please tell me what time fut champions rewards are out please everyone is saying different …
That pace 🆘🆘 but why RWB?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Selling Mill fifa coins k = £10 mill=£90 mill =£170 mill= £250
TOTW PRICE PREDICTIONS …
Seriously, how many bugs is/has had. Seems like everyday there is a new one 🤯
LIVE a jogar ! Rivals + SBCs. LIVE playing ! Road to subs.
Equipa da semana com , e 🇵🇹 Team of the week with , &amp;…
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
LewanGOALski at it again... Great stream guys... see you tomorrow pm UK time
Done Adama dirty there making him a RWB when he was at Striker when he scored his brace
One games enough for me today. First time eeriencing speed up lag &amp; throughout the entire game as well. I don't u…
Should have a brand new fifa video uploaded by pm make sure you come tune in !
DIVISiON RIVALS LIVE
What is the best league to create the best team in Fifa ?
LIVE Stream tonight 5pm bros!! Come hang out -FUT Draft -RTG Updates Subscribe like Share …
When your wife and daughter are out and you've just finished all the housework, time for some PS4........then it do…
Rebekah Vardy: Chat shit get banged Colleen Rooney:
I just had the biggest investment idea and it was right infront of me the whole time. Gonna try it out first and if…
-4 win against this pay to win shitter. EA gave his Rolando goals.
stream tonight guys! In hours we go live Fifa Pro clubs Grind Fifa Rivals Fifa Squad battles Thi…
Was about to put k into IF thuram But was so busy, RIP he’s already k according to Futbin. He was k
“It’s........Rebekah Vardy” 🤣🤣🤣
i made a video about the flashback walcott SBC check it out …
No stream today lads. Got an idea for a massive team change, will solely depend on rewards tomorrow, which I will…
Can someone elain to me how is this free-kick and yellow card?
LIVE RANK GRIND
FIFA Review
The homie is about to catch these hands in . Tune in at pm to witness the fitness.
TOTW makes me wanna cry was hoping for some sick prem informs for player picks and we get this shite 🤣
“It’s........Rebekah Vardy”
Division rivals gameplay is an absolute disgrace can’t keep the ball for longer than seconds because of the t…
Brilliant passing! How are we all feeling about ??
There is definitely something wrong with this . Trying to work out if its penalties or career mode that is bro…
So... Sarabia got goal and two assists and no inform.......
Just went live!
Come join the stream! Rivals and rewards investing
Just packed Nelson Semedo from my level free pack in fifa ! If I waited like hour.. I would’ve gotten his in…
Traore RWB? I dont get it, do you?
The biggest profit I've made from a one card on 🇮🇹 ️ Profit after tax : 50
Another Wednesday another ! I'd love to hear your guys opinions on the new informs, my tiers and some of…
Actually this is the Bobby show I thought I was uploading…
…
Hey this is my first post!!
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
Career Mode - Bury RTG - Episode - Youth Academy &gt;&gt;;
is officially the LAST fifa/EA game I ever buy, I have played every fifa for years but I’m done. More shou…
discussion video coming out soon
Why does he have to be a RWB, that defending
Fifa players, who would you recommend?
Last month the "Jugi-Days" took place at the . During the "Game Day" we organised a tournamen…
FIFA PACKS OPENING TONIGHT FROM :45pm! Get involved ... …
Honestly can’t thank you enough for the follows 🤩🤩 you guys are Icons!
Oh shit FIFA is now on EA Access guys !!! Enjoy and play beautiful
CD available for only GH¢ . Ladies, it’s about time you surprise your loving and faithful boyfriends.…
️ FIFA POINTS ️ Enter the competition by clicking my page and following the simple steps pinned to the top! Winn…
Icon Swaps is coming probably going to be a ball ache to do but who takes your fancy? Ferdinand for the defence kn…
FIFA FIFA POINTS GIVEAWAY!! I will be giving away ,600 FIFA points to one person who does all of the following:…
The second episode of my FIFA Road to Glory is out! We packed an insane player out of…
Who want's k fifa points right now?! Just follow . !!!!
First stream tonight guys on Mixer come and join and spread some love We are starting at pm (CEST) …
Not the best TOTW I’ve ever seen but ah well SBC pack best do me a good one
VOTE FOR STEFAN LAINER!
The player chat in is so dead, my man just said he could've done better but thanked me for playing him anyw…
How many points will I need to finish rank in division on Fifa ???
has dropped, are you guys happy with it? Who would you like to pack?
From playing as on To singing about on stage at 🤩 To meeting th…
Somebody build me a fifa squad for weekend league. Budget k any formation
can you please announce what the fuck is going on with career mode and if you’re planning to fix it on
Don't mind the Bobby show.
Complaints rise about coding and gameplay
Game feels shit today or is that just me playing shit?
FIFA CAREER MODE Stop breaching…
Hopefully something good a pm
FIFA FUT CHAMPIONS WEEKEND LEAGUE HIGHLIGHTS - ELITE &amp; BIG WIN VS ESPORTER …
hit the licensing jackpot with this beauty. I will refuse to buy until they give me on the…
RIVALS/TRADING
Impossible to score from corners Wingers starting on the corner flag Awful passing Awful AI Ineffective tackles whe…
️️️️️️️ Delaney &amp; Paco with a Hatrick and assists each.
I pretty much need upgrades in attack, midfield, defense, gk but i think my first upgrade will be a frenkie de jon…
Going to have to figure out a new play style. I want to pass it around the box and find space for players yards o…
I’ll be live from pm tonight boys big Rivals grind on the RTG and main accounts hopefully I’ll see all you guys th…
Ok, it's official: I hate this gameplay
Where are the needed starhead updates for and in ?!?! You guys at…
on PC feels so sluggish today like my players are wading through mud.
Still continuing to play thinking somehow it will stop being shit it’s seriously fucking garbage
guess which one was a goal...
alot of top cards in really like the look of semedo would be happy with him in player picks bergwijn look a…
Play me for money in a game of FIFA, winner announced on the th, rules are in the description …
Who are you guys interested in?
Well Volta is shit
My RTG. Have had great pack luck.
Spent all my coins, it’s Weekend League this week eh. ️
COMING SOON On Champions League - Champs Or Chumps …
If you need some Xbox or PSN money for Fifa Points for the new TOTW, check out G2A for some Cheap Codes! P…
Career Mode Episode !
Another day another drop back counter attack, rebound, sweaty goal, crossess, delayed gameplay
Just a heads up, good luck to anyone up against IF Adama in Weekend League.
INFORM!!- FIFA UPGRADE PACKS PACK OPENING
Team of team ?!
How do you guys prioritize your Squad Battles and Division Rivals stuff? Qualify in rivals first and then Squad Battles or?
! Available in-game at PM UK!
Wiggle stick FC
Dear Football World please send me clips of the worst goal keeping errors you spot from around the World &amp; each wee…
Looking to stream tomorrow with more around pm! possibly one upload today too........
GOING LIVE! GIMMI DYBALA!!! 🇦🇷 PACKS x TOTW x RTG
COMING SOON On Champions League - Champs Or Chumps …
Getting ready to grind for the first FUT Champions Cup Qualifier. ️ Today and are joinin…
Is shot assistance stuck on manual for anyone else on rivals? Only had it for this one game
Where’s David Luiz!!?
*Me trying to find a game in Division Rivals* *Found opponent* Your opponent has left the match. Me to my oppon…
New one for me. Played a cross field ball my Centre half just let’s it hit him and then ducks out of the way as the…
I lit on so you didn't have to See why here: ⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️…
Some things arent meant to be
Wish people would get tired of complaining about . Stfu n play another game already. Abuse da system stop co…
It's the Team of the Week and it includes Lewis Dunk, Jorginho and Paulo Dybala
What you all want, is this man. BIG WES!!
Not interested in a single totw player tomorrow in red picks!!
Unpopular Opinion - Fifa is good 🤫
Waiting for that End of Era Basti. Probably be waiting a while . Ps i don't play atb in game
I Follow Everyone Who Follows Me live at
Thought I was finally getting handle on shooting and had been on a good run but just lost -0 despite shots to …
Not sure why it called Wright offside when he wasn't involved.
Episode of my Sheffield United career mode is now live &amp; it’s the FA cup final! By far the craziest game we’ve h…
WHERE IS
New TOTW might be better for players with a smaller budget but not that inspiring. Gomez, Verratti and Dybala all h…
Cheeky web app pull
wow this is fire
The messages you get on xbox when you win because you have a half decent team is absolutely hilarious!
im off home to play then watch then back on
No Vela 🤔 (3 goals) No Gressel 🤔 (1 goal, assists) Tough look for as they play through their final match we…
Even Llamas jump the queue for Flypaper for Freaks...FREE on Kindle Unlimited!
i love
I’ve played quite a lot of in the last weeks, To score with a header or from a corner is near on impossible.
If you guys are starting out, I definitely recommend this fella. Great stats for a striker and ⭐️ weak foot. Good…
Team of the week
Short stream whilst we wait to see what new content comes at !
For those of you looking for last minute Thursday flips, a lot of the most useable players are Serie A and It…
Once we reach likes there will be a FREE mystery prize give away. after the mystery prize give away, there be a…
Anybody could do me a favour in ? k for the first to help
I’m new to and . What time do these rewards come out? This is what I’ve resorted to with no fantasy for weeks
hours til absolute market breakdown. I have no trust in EA.
! What do you guys think of it? Who do you want in your red picks??? …
I just did the gold upgrade SBC for on and look who I packed..
Assist of the season? Pro clubs is not broken
In the meantime, please check out our last pitch notes on gameplay responsiveness as it's filled with detailed info…
Would be pretty cool if some of the TOTW was community voted.
A long overdue episode of my FIFA Point Road to Glory!!! WE PACK SON TWICE!! FP RTG (Episode )…
Live!
When you buy mbappe for the th time and hes just as shit as the last time
Don’t worry guys, many eggs and many baskets
Flashback &amp; for you’ve less then hours but I’m sure you could get it done lads 🤷‍️
Whats up guys, after a few weeks of FIFA being released what are your thoughts on this game?
pace EA does what he wants
Hey Fans, We hear you loud and clear about the responsiveness of our game. We are still investigating thi…
Sarabia investors in shambles... Never put faith in EA lol
Jordan Henderson is the most overrated player on it’s a joke
So anyone thinking about buying Neymar but not sure if he is worth the coins... Played games got goals and …
Dear Football World please send me clips of the worst goal keeping errors you spot from around the World &amp; each wee…
I just scored possibly my best goal yet on Division Rivals/Fifa The build up was clean too. lezgo. …
Episode "Fame Monster" is live on and all platforms! This week we recap Inter…
mil TP inbound?
So after games on online seasons, my record is wins, draws, losses with only games making it to the fin…
I fixed it
totw ye well where’s DJ
Game - Gimnasia -0 SK Rapid Wien - another rage quitter at just down and still a full half to play. -0-0…
Want to make more coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
What am i doing wrong? Every pass I make it automatically blocked or intercepted by the AI, yet my AI players might…
tip, always sell in the hype, people we're waiting to sell him, even if he was in the he would drop.…
The moment is almost here. We've teamed w/ the Chicago Fire to host first-ever FIFA20 PS4 College Tournament Challe…
So...I'm thinking of grabbing either or or both. Thoughts on this? Would anyone like to see some M…
Early RTG episode is up! The new team is looking very very good for this upcoming weekend!
So , I’m playing on PS4. I’ve completed all Week - Gold objectives in FUT. I scored a goal and a c…
Ferro , Portugal -&gt;88 Position-CB Age-22 Traits: Long Passer (CPU AI Only) Power Header
TOTW - Not getting qualified in time for last WL doesn't seem so bad now
Matchfinders are open for tonight until pm for the following: | PS4 | All v2 | P…
“no daily content” my ass... clearly there is daily content yall are just plebs
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
On part en stream ! ◾Divisions rivals ◾Investissements ? Go sur
*** NEW VIDEO *** ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!!!!!! * Retweet for better pack luck tomorrow * …
rivals and fifa improvements
As a fan of the legend Defoe I wouldn't mind getting him.
This team for under k is absolutely insane, plays x better than it initially looks,41212 narrow in game! Just…
Just my luck! Pack an inform and it’s untradeable
Why does this keep happening? Losing after error kicks me off FUT!
I will be live at pm this evening! Plan for the stream includes: Icon Trading Trading Tips for all budgets New…
Trying to build a concept MLS Icon squad this is what I have so far am I missing anyone? Drogba Henry Herna…
️ | NEVER AGAIN vs = :1 Fuck ya Fuck ya …
Also, no in surely means Record Breaker Vela in Objectives?
First Icon Flip Of The Year🤑 🤑~70k PAT🤑 idolo
I really have respect for people who grind squad battles, that shit is the most painful game mode of fut …
‼️HOW TO SCORE PENALTIES IN RIVALS/CHAMPS‼️ Two pens from same game - GK goes right each time. Three movements; i…
Game - Estudiantes -0 Djurgardens IF - -0 up at half time and the guy quit. He was in the game I thought too!…
If you participate in Global Series Online Qualifiers you will play it via one of the following servers. Ea…
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week REVEALED, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest
I took a gamble on Sarabia OTWs before the PSG game. Sold early at k - making k plus a card. This is not a…
I have this dude, and I hear he’s one of the rarest cards in the game but I can only sell him for k, surely that’…
Our very own analyses . We feel your rage OTW own…
Hey I said times... is a free copy of ️ to giveaway to my loyal subs too muc…
Just went live! …
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
As just mentioned this years upgrades have been lacking but Dybala maybe the worst ever Of all the fa…
Can’t wait until Thursday/Friday to open packs!!! I will be streaming tonight and tomorrow. Have a pr…
Austrian in FIFA20 After Georg Margreitter last week it is now Florian Grillitsch from that…
► ► Cartes PSN € : 9€ ► Cartes XBOX € : 9€
I see a lot of people complaining and whining about the new fifa. The same people who are also spending money on fi…
Should be rated that anyway! 🤷‍️
When you try to be a patient in fifa
Obviously we're voting for Phil Coutinho right...? I did.
I am Chokester no more... just won in a row...
We’ve (as a community) with insane talent when it comes to GFX gave shown you how to implement Vela in objectives..…
announced
Doing my head in how u can’t see how many points it is for each rank on division rivals this year. Can’t see if I’m…
I vote Stefan Lainer as my Bundesliga POTM for September
Not too shabby for cover of
Game - Defensa -0 Dinamo Zagreb - toughest game so far, was winning -1 but opponent quit in the th minute?! W…
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Thoughts on TOTW? I'd love to pack Jorginho for my Chelsea team, not much else i'd like :/
Thank you!
If I bought on disc I would’ve sold it by now.. the game is total and utter trash.
There is something very satisfying about beating a PTW player. He had Van basten, bergkamp, veron, varane, potm Mar…
TOTW thoughts?
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week REVEALED, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest
Check out the Ultimate Team – Team of the Week () featuring Dybala!
Fifa is the worst Fifa I have ever played
One for all FIFA fans and particularly those who are Albion fans, with Lewis Dunk being named in the Team of the…
Sissoko and Ndidi. Best partnership on Nico Pepe is shocking on fifa. Honestly shocking. odd games and…
Enjoy watching your mates smash their controllers
Nice, one of my contenders straight in at RWB! Looks like good fun
at its best!!
Enjoy watching your mates smash their controllers
I hope we do get League SBCs this year There's so much potential for op cards!
Will on play on ?
What a weak TOTW for the first FUT Champs rewards....
Following his two goals and one assist on Saturday, Wesley has been named in 's TOTW. ht…
New TOTW out! Who do you like? For me its semedo and dybala …
Volta Football is sexxxxxxxxxxx! 🤤
That’s a naughty chip 🤢
Honestly there are fucking gimps on FUT 🤯
Immobile , Pallois &amp; Bergwijn ️ feature in ! Available in-game at PM UK …
| Huge thank you to Bromborough store who invited our players and…
TOTW is coming who do people want? Obvious choices Dybala/Semedo I wouldn't mind Gomez to be honest. …
FIFA TOTW confirmed: FUT Team of the Week revealed – Dybala, Immobile, Verratti, Plea
I'd just be happy with Hernandez at LB for Gold rewards. Obviously Dybala and Gomez would be ideal but unlikely.…
It's all about speed this week. Btw, Gomez gold card at k is still profitable to sell back tomorrow after…
Quality terrible player I appreciate you guys putting up with my gameplay today, NGL, that w…
Is this With the same player !? It’s so poorly worded if so , just won -0 with a Chip and it didn’t count ?
Well fans. Here's this weeks TOTW! Anyone else saving their packs for next week? FIFA cash tournamen…
FIFA : How to score directly from a corner kick every time - GIVEMESPORT
Real football
FIFA TOTW confirmed: FUT Team of the Week revealed – Dybala, Immobile, Verratti, …
This left hand side of a team!!!
FIFA : Das ist das Team of the Week via
EA are not gonna make it easy on traders. They wont let us dictate the market this fifa. They know if were gonna in…
This looks like a truly overpowered PSV attack.
Choose your player! Let us know in the comments what do you think! …
FIFA : How to score directly from a corner kick every time
is giving me anger issues
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT Less than hours to complete the KIT SBC!!!
Wish I could save my Player Picks, shitty TOTW, but hoping for that Dybala. Who do you want from this TOTW? All I…
Jermain Defoe in form
Apparently is available hours according to but they still have not replied to the awful laggin…
Game - Colon -1 Celtic - I sound like a broken record but the opponent quit! -0-0
🤤 That card is a little bit tasty... I I
SBC or Weekly Objective? really hope we get a weekly Objective
HERE IS MY K FIFA POINTS PACK OPENING LIVESTREAM:
TOTW IS HERE Dybala, Immobile and Semedo headline this week! Who do you want the most?
Jemand Bock auf eine FUT Trading Gruppe? Anyone for a FUT Trading Group?
Shame on
Following his two goals and one assist on Saturday, Wesley has been named in 's TOTW.
I finally have FIFA and I’m very excited about this new game because I like to play FIFA and their gameplay impr…
Thank you for the info on how to join the league ! My moment is coming !
These two would make an awesome team might try this in future
Hey fans, We know we've been silent the past few days and content has been lacking, but we have a BRAND NE…
You know what to do for my picks on the RTG tomorrow...
Is everyone gonna ignore the fact that Traore is a RWB with defending?
A to managing an International team in FIFA career mode
WHY CAN I STILL NOT PLAY VOLTA
leaks were real
A dominant performance against Southampton sees Jorginho named in the team of the week! …
Told you. Should see it soon! Enjoy the grind boys.
buddy had to dip a bit early after this one lol wait for it
why do so many people just sit on the chose kit screen when trying to get into a game, like just ready up and play its not that hard
TW : AS A THREAD
We've got BACK IN STOCK ON ! Grab your copy before it sells out again! ️
What a pack!
Something is wrong with y’all, like honestly there is. Pablo Sarabia gets goals and an assist and you give the TO…
Dybala and Semedo look good!! Wouldn't mind a cheeky red Gomez as a super sub
Could be better, could be WAYYYY worse. I'll take that Dybala please.
No Hazard this time round... but we get a Dybala instead ladies and gentlemen: ⃣9⃣ Dybala 🇦🇷 ⃣7⃣ Immo…
Does Dybala no dynamic confirm that Juve players won't have dynamic images (TOTY Ronaldo) due to licensing?? Very…
That Verratti has got to be in because of great eerience with his Scream card last year!! …
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week REVEALED, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest
Next week I’ll drop more than players, since some think I’m a fake see u then.
EXCLUSIVE !!! Authentic Italian Football means . ti piace ? …
The boss
Adama traore RWB got me dead Fifa can't help but stitch us up
Game - Central Córdoba -2 R.Sporting - one day I may see a full game, opponent rage quit. -0-0. …
The card we have all been waiting for...
No Connolly? He gave us more trouble than Dunk. But overall a decent TOTW.
what the fuck ahahaha
what do you all think...
Pretty good TOTW I'd be happy with semodo out of my red picks! What do you guys think?
Lol no Sarabia in TOTW. He will fall to discard price
Live let's get Crunk fifa now and fortnite later come come come help me with the views! Thank you again! Much love!…
Decent TOTW
Not quite the TOTW I was eecting... I'd still love that Dybala card though We are checking it now on stream…
Some good choices in there! Adama played RWB yet most predictions had him RM! Great shout!
This weeks'
We recently teamed up with EA Sports for the campaign, showcasing some seriously mind-blowing player rating…
Oh man Fifa saved us all making traore a RWB!!!
Content hasn't been an issue for me personally with ultimate team BUT I think most feel there hasn't been m…
Some decent players in there but overall where are the OTW cards?!
or nah? Some of the cards look insane!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH what a cheers always a good joke on your hands so can we now publish ne re…
Check out my latest video "FIFA " Watch Now:
, a big one for Italians 🇮🇹 and Argentinians 🇦🇷! IFs for Dybala, Gomez, Immobile, Verratti and Jorginho Po…
WELL WELL WELL LOOK AT THAT out of
*NEW* : announced
PLEAAAAA 🥺
FIFA Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team via
This whole goal is just fucked
🧤 🇫🇮🦁 🇫🇷 ️ Florian 🦌🇦🇹 The trio in 's…
Hey you fucked w the day patch. good job buds.
If Sarabia doesn’t get a TOTW in a minute then I don’t see the point in OTW cards anymore
Traore is a RWB...
Definitely looks like they fixed rebound goals
when don’t release any content again....
Improvement? Any help please
agree with this. FIFA UT shouldn’t be just based on using certain players. We are forced to use the high pace playe…
We FiXeD rEbOuNd GoAlS
&lt;&lt;&lt; My comparison of on PS4 Pro and Switch.
minutes until we see if an Adama Traore IF card is going to ruin friendships and the fifa community
Was a game I was properly excited for, been playing since full release and it's already dead in the water f…
This is what a lagged online game looks like.
When a random tweet bangs🤷‍️ *Bonus points as it's not an "i HaTe eA cLiCk bAiT"🤪
Stuck under ,000 coins on ? Learn how to get A LOT more!
announced in min
I really wish more people would buy Pro Evo so that EA would actually care to make a decent FIFA. Rivals is a slog…
found a really nice way of making coins while opening some decent packs but its not a trading method so i guess its…
Absolutely no reason Rivals gameplay should be this awful at this time of day , absolutely sure this delay and slug…
If anyone wants the selections for this week! Dm me for details! INTERNATIONALS WEEK Always good for betting …
A BRAND NEW MASSIVE PACK OPENINGCOMING SOONIN A BIT ON MY CHANNEL (LIVESTREAM)
When ya pack a random player with over pace
Gotta love games where every attempted interception goes through your players legs
If I have a bunch of FIFA points to blow, is it better to buy premium gold packs or wait for a promo?
Game - Buenos Aires -1 Sheffield United - another rage quitter despite me playing a team who are the walking foo…
There better be a RB Vela!
So I'm Carlisle United on and for some reason, my year old goalkeeper's agent is Watford man…
Getting bossed about? Well here's the strongest players in
YOUR VOTE COUNTS GO AHEAD AND VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE PLAYER NOW!!
What rewards do i take?
Lazy buyers &gt;&gt;&gt; Easy k profit after tax.
How is it possible that someone who scored a goal and two assists will not be in the TOTW?
Did they change the sprint button on LOL
Which of these icons do you have your eyes on? 🧐
A trip to Greece.. It means journey to eternity... Sense of awe for the beauty.. Serenity in the depths of the soul…
Is this the highest draft yet ?
Hi, my name is Chokesters Still live and still choking
is nearly here. There's still discard value players from and you should be picking up!
Another good stream from made even better by winning the give away.
Fly to Click ️ …
YES! FINALLY INSANE DRAFT REWARDS! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
Any suggestions for which squad to use for Weekend League?
It’s a lie so we can have some private time with
Tip: All OTW cards drop in price following an upgrade in TOTW (flooded into market). Considering hazard will drop w…
when your keeper comes out of your penalty box and smashes it into the stands during FUT Champions
Is setting down to League and start a career mode with them a good idea?
Oul Wesley Snipes...
Add broken offside to the list of problem with .
I miss martin tyler wanking alan smith off
Live gaming event coming this January to the DMV area. DM me for details!
Grinding Rivals for Rank (Div2)
RATED FRANK LAMPARD PLAYER ICON REVIEW | FIFA CLICK THE LINK …
goals and assists. He deserves it. Schalke is on a roll
With * weak foot Bradley Cooper is a beast against drop back defense...
Game - Banfield -1 VfB Stuttgart - went behind early but equalised just before half time then mauled the poor ma…
Can someone elain icon swaps to me
Game - Atletico Tucuman -1 Rangers - another standard team which had good cohesion. -0-0. …
Live with playing some Div rivals trying to reach rank ! Come see how we get on!…
i want new content for everyday so i can grind my nuts off in other things.. i guess my account is in…
I actually scored a header in Fifa
Only days that is officially available and I have the feeling that the game is already boring. Why ? The…
Game - Arsenal -0 LA Galaxy - and another rage quitter. Nothing special about this team, just worked hard. -0-0…
Fifa free coins_How to get coins in Fifa . …
Game - Argentinos Jrs -0 Standard Liege - and we have our st rage quitter! -0 up and threatening for the rd.…
If got k who should i buy ?
Fifa gameplay is inconsistent!
What’s everyone’s predictions? ️
I didnt watch the barca game the other day, any chance of De Jong getting an inform today?
Going on After the Weekend League I needed a break but lets get back on the doing obj…
Game - Aldosivi -0 SK Brann - solid start to the seasons campaign. The midfield of Gino, Martinez and Gil Rome…
Beware There is another game crashing bug in Career Mode: If a team from Rest of the World, for example…
Watch 's first EVER game of
Drafts are Easy
Look at the defender, it happens all the time to CPU defenders. Why he doesn't run? …
. my wish is that this video makes its way to someone at this is a concise, respectab…
First up is the Argentinian league. I have played a few games before I started this account so will show you my res…
Current Squad hopefully some upgrades with Rewards Tomorrow!
Yes guys we have our first video out in please go check it out!!!!
Haven’t said it today so... Fifa is wank!
If the TOTW going around is real there is some random choices this week, we will see in an hour though
ENTER ENTER ENTERRRR!! Keep them eyes peeled another GIVEAWAY starting straight after this one! …
Play as each team on FIFA once on online seasons. You CANNOT change formation but can change the line up.
The Eredivisie has awarded Swedish esports company DreamHack the brief to lead on the production of the official F…
What about this beauty from coman ?
Never been more proud of a FIFA goal till I scored this one!!! LEMAR!!!
Watch live k FIFA20 Points Pack Opening and game play: …
My players every time my opponenttackles me
Votes so far on content on ; % - We demand too much % - It's not as good as FIFA19 but not dead %…
I AM BACK LIVE TONIGHT AT HALF !!!! continuing the Serie A Glory series and hopefully a decent TOTW4. Also an up…
Need a top tier ST for less than K... Who do you recommend?
Check out our take of from : &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;
Which one is better? Both are (2) in game
Anyone want a free copy of ? Want to win it from us? Head over to our website and submit your name to enter!…
Scenario ️: You’re sat on the bus and it’s pretty full, but the seat next to you is free, you’re trading on the c…
Tomorrow's video: - -1 Rewards - Tactics, formations and instructions used. - Best goals of the wee…
was just -0 down in drew -4 and won on pens poor lad
How can PC Modders fix bugs / update starheads / tweak gameplay / improve lighting yet devs of a multi-billion doll…
st game of seasons today -0 down brought it back to -2
You guys remember Malen from TOTW1.... He’s going up even more after today!! ⬆️⬆️⬆️ BUY BUY BUY
Why defender Fikayo Tomori won&amp;;t play Fortnite with his team-mates 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The FIFA Premier League FUT starter team for under coins 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
&amp;;It be pretty strange&amp;; - Callum Robinson hoping Mick McCarthy&amp; second reign as Ireland boss is .…
FIFA Russian media rights for Qatar and other FIFA events 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA20 Players - Our Fastest Eleven 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA News: EA releases new patch notes 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Who is actually enjoying it would be good if did more with ultimateteam instead of focusing o…
Hi I heard you needed content.
Bit of a cold open today... I've got k Fifa points and I'm using them all opening packs on stream, will I get luc…
Bit of a cold open today... I've got k Fifa points and I'm using them all opening packs on stream, will I get luc…
Here it is! My latest submission for 'Lets Talk Hype Unit'! My thought this week, what if people made Fortnite/Ro…
FIFA News: EA releases new patch notes
Any ideas on how to improve this team fifa players? …
PC players I have on here, anyone want to start some sort of pro club? Content might be recorded for youtube.
Ama busy aside, someone’s child came through. It’s me, I’m someone’s child. Nomba tulale insala for…
Small coins are also investments!
I can’t get on to FIFA , is the game down?! I’m stuck on the loading screen! …
We're giving away copies of, 🤗 Enter below
What was better the goal or the dance
Thank you everyone for you amazing feedback and messages. It's always nice when your hard work is appreciated. Than…
Let’s all EA for the great content they Bring out on daily basis
Grab your nd favourite Finnish 🇫🇮 gold card while you can. Clue: ‘s mate.
Servers down this morning?
This TOTW is looking
Liveeee 🥰 Division , Pro vs. Pro &amp; Draft Grind
My team on …
Eect a dead
I'm so pumped for today's Daily objectives! pm can't come quick enough. Only more needed for this si…
Yeah they did this with Shane Long last year. If I knew something concrete, I’d tell you. Please don’t spam DM’s.…
We won our st ever draft yesterday! Let's see if we can do it again today... …
Theo Hernandez
Looking at the Bundesliga nominees, there are three players of FC Bayern Munchen. There is a good cha…
If you think you've eerienced hope in your life only for it to be crushed instantly, then you've obviously never…
Seeing a lot of supposedly “confirmed” leaks with Carlos Vela in it. From what I’ve heard, EA were going to put h…
No Milner in
Can we start making a petition to remove drop back from …
Hariiiit
Voter harit
I will be posting leak a week,
Wesley is in
THE CHAAAAMPIOOOONS!
Players in this weeks' (Not % accurate) 🇵🇹 🇦🇷x2 🇮🇹x2 🇫🇷x2 🇲🇽 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
He deserves it.
Setting eectations?? Sorry are our eectations of a £50-90 game, from a company that makes billion a year too…
Still can’t find a match in Swaps. Can’t even complete the Objectives. I’m out!
WESLEY 🇧🇷 VERRATI 🇮🇹 PLEA 🇫🇷
If you don't eect the perfect footballing sim, you can't be disappointed. Eect there to be a few glitches. Ee…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
King
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Any chance of a keeper on catching a fucking cross it’s garbage
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Ahaha I bagged him in a pack 🥳
is clearly shite despite many PES fans trying to convince themselves it's the answer because they've filmed…
looking realistic as ever
Clean counter attaking goal?
No Real Madrid players in
biggest load of bollocks I've ever seen. Having defenders is pointless as they do fuck all. Interceptions shit. Not fluid at all.
Logged in to
Sheffield to Manchester Airport £70 one way in luxury Prestige vehicles with refreshments based in Sheffield call :…
No David luiz in totw
anyone tried Del Piero on fifa ? is he good for a wide CAM?
No hazard in TOTW, as well as Arthur
I've been getting absolutely battered on fifa but what the hell I'll carry on streaming it its funny to watch back…
://
FUTBIN Import is Online
I really would like some more Clement Lenglets placed on the market!
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! live at
Amine Harit!
Plea
Is anyone else getting kicked from every second game because the EA servers are down? Trash.
We're gonna be alright Lads, I've Fifa predicted a -0 thrashing
For future reference EA primarily use the notoriously hard rating system from L’Équipe in France to choose ligue …
Salute shame
What I honestly want from POTMs for this Month is the “combo”. Either: CAM from PL and ST from Bundesliga Or: S…
CLICK THE LINK BELOW!!! WEEKEND LEAGUE!!!!! WE BALLING OUTTT!!! Part - Poor Man's RTG ...…
The best Premier League FUT starter team for under ,000 coins ️ ️…
is broken!
EA devs when they’re asked why the game is such a mess, and it’s only been out for a couple of weeks …
The North American Global Series Qualifier server locations: ) Portland, Oregon USA ) Ashburn, Virgi…
Semedo in but as a Left back
En live sur youtube ! (FIFA ) live at
How does it cost to sign Lionel Messi on FIFA ? -
Streaming my on my channel. Come by and help me build a new squad!
online gaming pays …
A) Why isn't Ter Stegen catching this? B) Why does Varane take a touch before clearing? Welcome to
Pay to get your ass kicked
Sorry but what’s my keeper doing?
FIFA best formation: great tried-and-tested systems elained
- new method to updated prices for futbin. You get credits and you can use it to import you…
In a time when EA are being lazy, Coleen really took it upon her to entertain a whole community. Never tell me agai…
Analog sticks have been ordered, it's time to fix this controller this weekend, let's gooo
Playing Sir as manager in Career Mode. Here he is looking as impatient as ever at the…
WEEKEND LEAGUE!!!!! WE BALLING OUTTT!!! Part - Poor Man's RTG .04 FUT CHAMPS …
Bought for k. Price currently k. Another win investment wise
Back on the grind again..
I’d like to volunteer myself to be the Community negotiator
Life's A Pitch Print - £4 with Free UK Delivery …
Fifa Ultimate Team is D E A D there's' literally nothing to do, I have barely touched it since I got fifa…
Bought for k. Price currently at k. Another great investment
*hit quick sell* *hit quick sell* *hit quick sell* *hit quick sell* *hit quick sell*
FUCK FIFA AND THAT DELAYED DOGSHIT THEY CALL GAMEPLAY. I CAN’T BE FUCKING ARSED ANYMORE FAM. WHY DOES THE GAME F…
Konami new Italy Serie BKT content for eFootball PES 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Amazing how i can have shots on goal with on target and my opponents rated jordan pickford is fucking spid…
Going Live early! Let's get it! …
I will never quit buying FIFA, even if they make big mistakes, why? Because it has made me happy in ruff times. And…
Bought for k. His price is k now. Huge investment
Anyone else wonder where Filipe Luis has gone off Fifa??
Could be a really nice card
To think I almost sold mine for k after the Weekend League. He's extinct. More profit to be made
worst ever version of fifa ever played my whole life. EA SPORTS is degrading instead of upgrading. I feel l…
This would be an incredible addition to FIFA. Rather than the League SBC's which are frankly pretty boring to compl…
Harit
Feel like shit just want Fifa back
Are there any gamers in your house? Check out this article on how to get over £10 off on a…
FIFA Guide – Beginners Guide For Ultimate Team And How To Build The Best Team - GamingBolt
There are multiple leaks going around that Verratti is in TOTW over sarabia. First off sell your OTW before it be…
RM card pls
Ladies and gentleman.
I vowed after I wouldn’t buy another fifa until they fixed career mode. Got my hopes up at one point for…
Coutinho for me retured to his best anyone holding any otw versions I would sell up as hes price will drop post pot…
Black : Best Carphone Warehouse Deals in the UK 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Guide – How To Quickly Earn FUT and Volta Coins 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Just Do it
FUT - Nintendo Switch 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
• Button delay / Unresponsiveness / Player changing. • Foul / Free kick engine shocking. • Offside engine shockin…
Cool Fifa style app lets you open packs for fun and dry draft
Why have they removed the ability to see how many points are needed for each rank in rivals?
Phil Coutinho will be filthy... 🤐
MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!!
FIFA Guide – How To Quickly Earn FUT and Volta Coins - GamingBolt
Swan&amp; , Manchester madness &amp;amp; FIFA is out! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Slimeville&amp; Tournament 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
WE DEMAND A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM EA SPORTS - Sign the Petition!
so much fucking delay today and don't give me that 'it's your internet bullshit'
Game Day!! We kick off our S12 campaign tonight in the Preseason Cup against PCN PSG. It’s win or go home! The lads…
Alive and Kicking! back in stock now on
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Continuing my FIFA silver eeriment and these two are the best strike partnership I have used all year shoutout…
TOTW is fast, very fast apparently.
finally scored my first free kick!!
Someone build me a million team asap
it’s what i do.
Someone make me a team k
I have been struggling with sleep for the past few weeks. Been working later in the evenings and not getting to s…
VOTE FOR HIM!!!
Any pros wants a bo2 on the new competitive mode?
Again Chance to win . Don't late click and see your capability …
Packs Icon***** Friends: 🤬🤬🤬 Me:............
Easy Vote.
Trying to figure out how to defend on
Looking forward to TOTW card tonight
Stream live at pm make sure to follow to get that noti!
Sorry
Anyone scored a corner on fifa yet?
Scoop turn... THE go-to move for creating space with a * skiller who's isolated against a defender.
Very Nice
UK Deals: PS4 Anthem and DualShock V2 Wireless Controller Bundles for £39.99, Preorder Ring Alarm Piece…
FIFA PLAYER CAREER MODE ! - LAST GAME OF THE SEASON!!! via
Playstation - Release date in India, Price, New Features?! Watch: Like, Share and Subsc…
LIVE ACHAT REVENTE GO MILLIONS ! live at
Throwback! eerience staff promotional team supporting the FIFA20 Premiere event at magazinelondon ️🥅 …
no delay in rival games since yesterday - who else? nearly perfect connection tbh
For the players
Throwback! eerience staff promotional team are supporting the FIFA20 Premiere event at magazinelondon ️🥅 …
Fam I am so lucky
The voting for is open now! Who's got your vote? …
ATTENTION! . . .
x JUNIOR CAICARA 🇧🇷 bought at - sold at = K profit! x MARCELO GOIANO 🇧🇷 bought at - sold at …
I just won the FA cup -0 and they said because of the bad result I cant…
My current FUT team.
Where to watch 🇩🇪️🇦🇷 tonight? Sky Sports Football, beINSports HD1, ESPN+, TUDN
At the launch of , we caught up with Irish rapper - whose song Ozone features in the new game…
First timers are back? surely fernandinho can't hit this first time?
GAMERS This Friday Fifa Qualifiers round is here for this season's and we're scouting for t…
The Voting for the Bundesliga September is live now ! Here are the Potential Winners⬇️ Who got your Vote?…
Had no right
Mane with shot power
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week reveal, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA vs PES : Which Is the Best Football Simulator Game? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Next : of the best talents at Premier League clubs 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
For some god forsaken reason i keep blowing my win in the last minute literally. I've done it bloody times today…
The club worth of Middlesbrough, Leeds United, Nottingham Forest and their ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Voted mal bitte alle danke
Back back
Another amazing sniping filter …
Anyone in Division Rank In Rivals on Xbox can you tell me what Rank points are right now ? Will k be enough…
Early Stream?!?! Come join me as i play some and chill with chat …
Plenty of toxicity on this thread about Content. However, % of you agree we're too demanding. Make sure…
Icon swaps coming up who is everyone going for personally between nesta and hagi for me
I wonder if it's really worth watching the game tonight?
🤔 um ok also got kicked from game coz not actively playing. Lmao EA FTW
Just voted for Harit, think Coutinho is gonna get it tho. Who did you vote for?
How can you compete against this? To top it off, this guy messaged me to say how shit i am such a toxic world!…
What happened to
Ive got k fifa coins would appreciate if anyone can make me a pacey team with atleast three star skillers in
If we were EA we would create bronze/silver/mixed team challenges each week where you are guaranteed a free draft t…
Voting for Harit this time. goals assists. Great player.
Or do you eect something else from me.....???
UN RATITO DE RIVALS ROAD TO DIVISION
Every opponent I come against keeps driving forward and keeps going backwards, it’s just so boring this year
formation any good this year on FUT?
Finally got my game!!! Add me up romethedj …
Done playing . Thank you guys for the support. Now I'm playing Fifa co…
Please vote for him, he deserves it
Done playing . Thank you guys for the support. Now I'm playing Fifa come join my stream !!!!…
Vote him
Fifa totw4 out today! Who are you investing in i recommend a certain LB from crystal palace
Fuck Coutinho or Lewa we need a good left back or take the right back
FIFA first, me later
LIVE Playing Rivals Come Hang Out!
squad after packing neymar FROM A GOLD UPGRADE PACK. this is insane. probably gonna get havertz when I get my WL re…
The nominees for the Bundesliga POTM award for September have been announced! Who’re you voting for? 🇩🇪 Vote:…
How hot is Scotch Bonnet Chilli sauce? Asking for a friend
what a goal
*NEW* September Nominations of the Bundesliga announced
Here are the candidates for the Bundesliga Player of the Month award for September
These free kicks on are dog shit. I’m about to sell this game if I get another free kick
what a goal marcel7sabitzer
My FUT team is looking much, much healthier than my team at the moment...
Can we hit subscribers in the next hour? The second episode of my FIFA Road to Glo…
am done with ya game. I go -0 up and my opponent runs the ball out of me giving me the possession back. Do…
With and without the ball, there's no gold medal for Kylian Mbappe
Coutinho please!
Nice profit
Very grateful for followers, I know I don't post as much as others but when I do I try to make it helpful. TOT…
Please welcome the latest addition to Razdi FC, Mr. Emmanuel Petit, the Icon,
Looking for a late night league team, HMU?
st draft win of fifa ! Took some time but we got it who else has won a draft? …
Offsides on are seriously broke! I got caught offside and the player who I got told was offside wasnt even…
I don’t care if it’s VOLTA or FUT, would instantly become a better game if EA added these kits to the game…
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation ! (FIFA ) live at
I voted for everyone’s favourite FIFA pack fodder. He was literally in every pack. 🤣🤣 …
is horrendous! Can’t even pass the ball
Want to make coins on FUT? We've got simple trading method guides here --&gt;
Who are you voting for? 🤔🤔🤔
Who we voting for? Lewan double.....
Challenge Video inbound New What is It? Episodes on the horizon New game series on the channel (Italian P…
So after doing extensive research I took the decision not to buy . I can't justify spending a bucks on…
After playing division rivals matches on I'm worn out already! Sweaty and intense! I'm not really enjoying it.
JUNIOR CAICARA is up to coins. MARCELO GOIANO is at coins. This already shows a % increase - a great r…
We still have a with to in our people!!! Someone has to win it.. why…
Big brain time
These objectives in fut are really annoying. Why the fuck would I want to change my team to players with less than…
My Winner, but Harit deserves it more
Would love to see a 'cheap' Harit!
Where do I get my refund for career mode is still fucked.
Checkout our first squad builder of Fifa INSANE K O…
We are live now over on doing some trading wearing new merchandise
It will not make sense to many but I prefer Career Mode over FUT. My first week on FUT was very successful. Ended a…
eFootball PES ve Fifa
Taster pack arrived today! Looking forward to finding my favourite. Fifa and apex legends on the stream today.…
Good morning, I'm LIVE &amp; we have objectives for today... - Improve at the game - Secure Rank in rivals - Help…
FIFA Speed Test: Which players are the fastest with and without the ball? - GIVEMESPORT
A new exciting modding season awaits in .
any overpowered players in Seria A good people?
Thinking of getting flashback ... I find the cheapest way for you!
Yo could you please add to possibly in a future update the option to play with or against an O…
I feel like Friday's Icon Swaps is such a 'make or break' moment for FIFA in terms of content... let's just hope…
FGL Wolfsburg Looking For Players Console - Positions, st/2nd - Mic - Eerience - Availability - FGL Accou…
is out. We're single again
NEW COMPETITION ALERT! This one will appeal to you young gamers! See details below! ️ …
How many points do you need vor Rank ?
GG ea for making another shit fifa in years in a row!!!🤦‍️ don't get it..... Again drop brack is way to OP, the…
How was trying to calm himself down after a -1 ,5-3, -2 beating on …
When Design Becomes Reality!!! …
Better late then never! The start of my Fifa20 player reviews! my first youtube video! Be gentle!…
actually isn’t too bad, just struggling with the new heading and free kicks 🤔
This is really minor issue, but it’s been in the game since forever I feel like. “Sniper-Finisher Gate” “Sniper”…
When someone asks you for your opinions on
FIFA : The Best Formations in the game - which one suits your style? - RealSport
Morning Stream! Why not?? - ROAD TO ELITE TRANING CAMP - SEASON OBJECTIVES - RIVALS - DRAFT
EA are the reason for the community being toxic. Online toxic. Go in a game its toxic. One of the main reasons for…
NEW UPGRADES boyzzz!Tonight we test them out in Division Rivals.Any idea what to improve?See you tonight at -ish p…
hey um yea guys you know how I packed mbappe last week in a free untradable pack?
Hey how come there's only ever a single option for GK kits? Bit naff really.
Love a good rage 🤣
% we are too demanding IMO
That finish salted the wound
NEW TEAM (update ) + tidy squad goal
Signing Kevin Molino - FIFA20 | Check out as Andre tries to sign Minnesota United FC and Trinidad &amp; Tobago m…
Issue with the elgato has been fixed! Streaming until we're into Rank comfortably on !…
Hey I payed £80.99 for your game can I get a refund maybe even if you give me half ?? It would mean so much to me
was recently released but with inherited problems with , now I'm seriously considering
Lace up your boots and make sure your controllers are fully charged for tonight's as we will be pl…
I’m back! Took a break from gaming but I’m back and ready, what’s everyone playing at the moment? I’m bouncing betw…
*playing mystery ball and speed boost comes on* Players:
Can't wait to use Fahrmann in game
️ FIFA REVIEW ️ has reviewed and it's fair to say he's not impressed. Do you agree with…
I think could be a very very good Fifa if EA fixes - Player switching (barely switches to ne…
If your a otw investor or are just holding them your are best trying to sell today into the hype after totw is anno…
One off the training ground...
Seriously shooting needs a patch right now. Just lost -0 but missed times from inside yards. shots on targe…
Each game of Fifa feels different in speed and it’s infuriating
Bet you can guess the very last objective I have to do...
FGL Wolfsburg Looking For Players Console - Positions, st/2nd - Mic - Eerience - Availability - FGL Accou…
(PS4 PRO) (ENG) Squad Battles for SBC ans Div RIvals
MORE LOW BUDGET TRADING JUNIOR CAICARA 🇧🇷 at /450 bid or snipe - NO HIGHER. MARCELO GOIANO 🇧🇷 at /550 on bi…
We are Live! Division Rival Grind to WL Qualification! Let's get it!
I have been doing some silver trading mass bidding then checking lowest bin and matching it. Using the filter shown…
Not a bad "Glitch" combo. Jan Oblak might be difficult to get though
The Server Locations for Europe, on which the Global Series Online Qualifiers are played, are: ) Frank…
While waiting for the release in the afternoon, we represent our predictions
LA LIGA ATTACK OF DREAMS! - - ULTIMATE TEAM DRAFT TO GLORY via
Il be picking up a lot of NAINGOLAN. Down %, cheapest he’s ever been in a market which is going up. He will bounce…
Morning Guys No stream this morning due to house inspection may be live this afternoon, will deffo be live this…
It will be really interesting how the story continues and what consequences it will have for us FIFA players.
weeks off... mrs at work... kids at school... Only calls for one thing
My current FIFA Ultimate Team with £0 being spent on real money!
This ever happened to you? Apparently Ive got VVD, Salah and Fernandes, all playing for Barca... …
% drop on ESSIEN. k days ago. Now k.. this card is more eensive than his .. due to extra pace I wo…
LIVE NOW Final stream before I head to tomorrow! Playing tonight.
live matinal sur venez les potes !! Achat revente all day, try hard Rivals, road to div ??…
My Squad. Who would you upgrade?
search fake player on the recent update
What I hear in my headphones when I fuck up a through ball on clubs
EA Sports under investigation after data leak regarding last week. Company referred themselves to ICO aft…
Such a powerful voice …
How hard is div ? Personally thought div was the easiest I’d been in won every game I played I think
All I want today is an Inform Kante... Please . Please, Please, Please.
Full post on Instagram : ◾◾Tags ◾◾ …
Are we eecting a big TOTW this week??
I reviewed on - it's, uh, it's not good.
Back streaming today at around am/12pm to pm I’m time with with ShlongJonSilv3r if not it w…
FIFA Legacy Edition Switch Review – TheSixthAxis - TheSixthAxis
Have we become too demanding on ? Two weeks into the game and we've had; ⭐️ OTW Promo 🇩🇪 Bundes POTM SBC…
So I still haven’t received champions edition from after numerous discussions with their staff w…
LIVE!
is a joke. People are dropping down divisions to complete objectives, sort it out
I have reviewed the POTM. Auba has the highest chance of winning bcuz this will be based on individual plus…
LIVE on ! - Gold Upgrade Packs - Road to Div Rivals - RTG Div Rivals - Getting Messi? Get…
my dad scored this on couch co-op with a feature he didnt know existed (strafe dribble) …
The legendary setting on is so unrealistic. Even Cheltenham in the league cup have an extra yard of pace ag…
Morning guys. Did anyone manage to pick up any deals? I know someone’s doing it right.. cause even I’m struggling t…
Long range goallllllll
sorry guys was hoping to have first Goals Of The Week video out today but literally sent in around…
Do free kicks on remind anyone else of the free kicks on Baggios magical kicks?
NEWin— PS4 PS4 FIFA20 . . . PS4 with FIFA20 - N135,000 PS4 with FIFA20 + gaming pads- N150,000 . . …
, Borderlands and Final Fantasy VIII Remastered battled it out for chart supremacy in September. Which on…
Mystery ball ou comment transformer FIFA en rugby
Reason i liked the league sbc is because its something u could work at and gave most cards a purpose.
Why can't you complete objectives in draft? You could literally pick your squad around completing the objectives.
Helloo Next event Pls Put Some money
Guys, I think EA don't give us any content because many people still didn't buy the game and are using only WebApp.…
Update Team &amp; packs - The Great Escape
How is this even possible, hulk has better stats
| It's a battle that’s been waging for years now. or ? Which one should you buy?
do the people who make fifa even watch football ? i dont think there understand that you can actually score with yo…
Profit is profit thanks to patreon .
Getting better
It's time to show Respect to Social Media guys at both games Remembering it's not them th…
my team
Only more followers needed before we announce the winner of our of a limited edition cover of …
Really looking forward to this season with . This season I will be playing with and sup…
When is gonna commit to Cross-Play... Should be there already, every year i'm playing it alone on PC wh…
TB Summer Showdown
Sniping Filter Mendy appears more often then you can imagine.
The real tragedy of is the fact that we call it a community but no one treats it as such. I don't care if y…
Nice game
Morning you absolute legends!!!! Going live at am to grind the absolute a$$ out of rivals and improve at this gam…
Season of the is coming out today at am MST (5pm GMT) While you still wait, watch…
Someone build me a k ultimate team for weekend league pls
This is a great proof of Qatar’s smart power, the resilience of a small country which overcame a full-fledged embar…
My losing streak has begun...
Justin fans pick up on cringeworthy 'typo' on wife Hailey's wedding veil - Daily Star
Hubs demonstration FIFA Pro Clubs Rivals information NEW points &amp; titles system NEW Pro Clubs personas &amp;…
GOOD MORNING! FIFA ROAD TO GLORY LITTLE BIT OF A RANT ... SEASON OBJECTIVES AND SEASON PROGRESS NEED SERIO…
Playing FIFA while someone's trying to talk to you.
Quick reminder️: look at the next games and try to get non rare gold players from the big clubs for -500…
- FIFA : TOTW Prediction (Ultimate Team of the Week ) Suarez, Immobile, Adama &amp; more.…
If only we could play like this in real life. Shame United look awesome in the video game world of FIFA. Good goal…
Streaming some while I wait for the video to go live, come keep me company!
I have avenged Sunday's defeat fellow Red Devils. The glory days are back!
POTM might come this weekend. You may store the current TOTW whoever from good league at low price and the…
FIFA Download PC
Get your hands on our Blue Old School Football Print. Only £4 Including Delivery …
Get Your Hands on our Handmade Retro Football Prints. Only £4 with Free Delivery. …
New Release Old Black Leather Football print only £4.50 …
FIFA Download PC
Remind me to buy more of these next time
Mystery ball has to be the best thing on
hours.
My manager didn’t want to sit for this press conference I guess
Oh the regret is real already
Yo , I'm gonna need my Weekend League extended.
We never used to have any content at the start of fifa for at least weeks after launch. Because the game…
I wanna branch out more in the community. Somebody help
Throwback to being on stage with my heroes. Best day of my life. Thank you , ,…
Not bad from a free rare player pack
I'm struggling to score headers on it seems much harder than FIFA19, it needs more practice and skill to g…
Put down and get stuck into . This has genuinely been the cutest and funniest game that I've eve…
have a budget of k, just switched LB schulz for rose.
-6 early shifts for next days. Got up at am just so I could play fifa .... There's nothing wrong with me.... Is there??
The squad I want, but will never attain.
People are complaining about Fifa because it’s AWFUL, The Sims is incredibly BAD. Lack of understanding. The trea…
New Youtube Banner with the man,the myth, the legend on it! Thanks for the banner! Go chu…
Pay Tax or Leave …
Play and save your stats with this FREE app …
Özil making £350k a week to all his haters
Need to start saving for virgil. Zero pack luck this year. Only one player packed here,zaha. Hows everybody's team…
Check out Draft, New Streamer ! , Come talk about anything Help your boy to followers…
FIFA TOTW COUNTDOWN: Team of the Week Reveal, new FUT cards, Ultimate Team latest - Daily Star
Just in case anyone is wondering, for DIV Rank , the need is at least k and Rank is k. I believe you will…
Worth selling everything to get Messi with a cheap team around him? Poll below:
Time of day tip! From about am UK to AM UK...there are less on the market then any other time of day. Tota…
The most useless game award goes to . You know the whole new mechanics crap is silly when AI can easily cat…
Not a bad day for marquee matchups.
Mid week hangover might be cured with these cheap beasts. With the right chem, they could prove to be lethal.…
Clubs is the best gamemode on Fifa no doubt
This.
Yes there may be a fitness glitch in , but I cant be the only that feels uncomfortable seeing my players under fitness
Live in
This is still the cheapest England 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 squad for the Walcott SBC by a few thousand. Will have more cheapest …
Me eveytime I go into a division rivals match on Fifa
A Really OP Team For You Guys To Try Out. Morales And Teixiera Are The Best Cheap Forward Duo In This Game "Guarant…
I been playing FIFA for years and thought I was pretty good until I played division rivals and found out I wasn’t that good
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
If I speak... Retweet to piss off a United fan 🤣 …
If you all hate so much, why don't you buy instead?
Don't forget that I published my revew of today! .
Loving the drag to drag set up n shot with Keita
Thanks and for the great evening
Which statue is the most faithful?
we are live with some FIFA20 come chill and say hi Quality Gameplay Chill Vi…
Naby wonder!
Me over here after talking trash about , then spending two hours trying to connect to the EA servers. Unable…
/8/19 RECAP Rays +1.5 Guaranteed Lock WINNER Florida Panthers LOSER Anaheim Ducks WINNER Vegas Golden Knights LO…
Attacking and shooting in makes me wanna bite my tongue off
NEEEEEEXT!!! Giampaolo is not coach anymore.
v6.14.0 adds support for Russian, Korean, and Turkish languages!
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post Winner drawn th Oct! Another comp coming up stra…
SBC tomorrow?? Let me know!!
I'm excited to continue my with tonight at PM AEST! We've raided the…
Some savage moves in !
So I’m pretty bad but I think ima stream it because its funny to watch me get mad like I make myself…
TEAM
When you made about an extra k on a advanced SBC. Yay!
Division Rivals
Squad in FUT 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Does shortfuts not support the language of your choice yet? Looking to close the gap on some languages people want.…
mixtape II (Recorded By: Iphone ) Loadin...Like If You Wanna Hear Some Real vibes.…
Guys i need your help who to get rid off and who to replace them with and who to keep, have around k plus players…
Time For A Little Before I Sleep
The promised Packs was supposed to come with every week is a scam. I havent received the pack…
Saturday . pm est
The GOAT that knuckle
MEIN GOTT I JUST WANT TO PLAY
You Already Know The Vibes🦏 Quick Bio Update
Packed a Chiellini, First Walk-Out of
🤦‍️ what is this ?
Just packed of the best players in the game, and it's no less than mil coins! 🤤 …
PR Updated!
If you are a Content Creator! And want to eand your audience, Hit us up! Jump in our games, Collaboration Stream.…
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
The League&amp; top underrated players according to Shaka Hislop | ESPN FC 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Allow Into Football Stadiums Without Restrictions, FIFA Orders Iran 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Download PC
Squad Battle Rewards FIFA - Ultimate Team
Omg primera victoria nivel legendario Squad Battles
Look, I know it's a very heated day on Twitter. I just want to say this .... how about you do the flipping job you…
Nice.
Lol is so trash like I know I’m good but Barcelona not scoring one good on legendary is crazy !
The game is broken fix It!!
st Big win in
I feel so sorry for the next generation. We got prime Messi and Ronaldo. What an absolute honor watching these two…
My OTW 'starter squad'
Just packed Neuer in Fifa and was wondering if I should sell him or wait? Can I get some advice pretty new to FU…
Any English speaking pro clubs players on PS4 looking for a team in Asia region? …
I have about k to work with after rewards, rodri and blind and Goretzka are the trade…
One pack before bed I said.
Arsenal /2021 season ️
We are live!!! Tune in as we continue the PMRTG!!!!
My thoughts on latest announcement of making everything tradable: I like that all event players will…
Opponent got disconnected mid tackle &amp; i get the win. Ridiculous.
This game man, weeks it’s been out and I’ve had to deal with shit like this a perfectly timed tackle and he’s got…
So I have gotten to the point where the only Season Obj left is score in Squad Battles which I need more for…
Alright guys I am live! Plan for tonight: -Rival Games -Friendlies -Trading/Investing Sup wit it.…
Quick flips, the kids love colours 🤷‍️ Still live btw
K Details for NBA K20 MyTeam Unlimited $250000 Tournament 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Never had so many error notifications on any other Fifa like this online.
FIFA Career Mode Episode | Rematch With Man City! via …
After much deliberation. was the sports game this year! Now I’m stuck can’t stop playing!
First time I'm seeing an EA game changer trying to use their position for betterment of the game. Kudos .…
Who want another fifa giveaway?!?
Incredible. Literally unplayable
-0 mans w/Everton in th th min 🤫
And another disconnection loss when I've the game won.. Disgraceful &amp; unacceptable!
YIKES AN OWN GOAL CAUSED ME THE GAME
Rate my team
AI attacking is straight up dumb. My Pukki tackles the ball from me as I'm clean thru..
Homem Gol. Diego Costa hat-trick
Proud asf of my most defensive game on Seasons Only % possession but kept my opponent to shots. Complet…
YO CHECK OUT MY PART ROAD TO RANK ON SURVIVOR …
OTW NDOMBELE COMPLETE! NO MONEY SPENT! RTG ULTIMATE TEAM via
Hello everyone this is my new music up please it would mean alot of you just liste…
I have a problem with FUT when I finish a challenge the for season progress get lost I can see it up right that…
how am I meant to beat players with skills if you take all…
-4 tonight with disconnects and two rage quits... things are going well with
Golazo ️ Who else is jamming ?
Fast cdms are extremely important so, I decided to upgrade again my team
Just uninstalled for the th time and last time in the space of hours. Im done now
Going live now! Starting with some ultimate team on FIFA and maybe some Apex Legends later!…
For the love of god how do you score a corner in ?
My RTG team, is it okay?
Hey guys! Were also doing a tournament!!!! It's free to enter and will take place…
can someone tell me why i would have gone down a rank in the weekly rewards when not playing for the last hrs?
This is so me with the squad at
career mode is broken
Turns out I just have to make a new career mode save. wow
Would anyone like to join my pro club team? (PS4) 🤔
What’s a good la liga hybrid team under k
Just taking the piss in with Immobile
NBA and Borderlands Headline the PlayStation Store&amp; Top Downloads for the Month of ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
When will fix a simple problem. I paid money for . That was my mistake if It doesn't get fix…
Road To Glory Series FIFA : …
Thalles Magico em campo.
And we are two weeks into the game and I don't even have the drive to play the game such as many other players. And…
No one: Absolutely no one: Me playing fifa: IVE GOT THE PERFECT PICTURE!
Best off the line clearance
EA servers down for anyone else?
Will any of these guys get a flashback card on FIFA this year? …
The great comeback
DIVISION RIVALS GRIND
If anybody still hasn't figured out how to shut Lee Din up from chatting shite on , you're welcome.
Me after playing the WeekendLeague.
My current ultimate team starting line up! Jumping on it tonight to get better! …
And that's deleted of my system! How have you managed to break offsides ? Game needs VAR now
I packed
My Formation and custom tactics/instructions. -4-2 This formation is actually the best. …
Bruh im done with time to get . Pls just !
Watch Win and Game Play and Pack Opening - WALKOUT Packed! - …
Back for more draft!
What formations &amp; tactics are currently working for you in via
Division Rivals Grind!!--
If our community managers are done crying, can they look at this please? I am getting this -3 times a day now and…
Starting The Night On Ending With Some Drop In &amp; Catch Some Games! ️…
CANAL PS4 Susbribanse 🤪🤪️
Hey guys, Literally got home not to long ago, exhausted... will do a late night stream later probably in about an h…
THIS TOOK SOOOOO DANGGGGG LONGGGGGGG
Who can tell me about this guy? Thinking of buying
If you want to learn how to trade with icons on FIFA , then I've made a video covering t…
The man. The legend.
Well done on yet ANOTHER YEAR of SLOW ASS GAMEPLAY on your SHIT GAME.…
Unpopular opinion is back ...... EA is honestly such a great company and has developed the best game ever The ser…
Today where playing , yeah it's a formation that Netherlands created and people have adapted to it over the year…
How to close a game by
How does someone get all their players back on fifa after loosing them. I’m sure there’s a way ?
Someone help me please!!! These all have +Games on them and still it fails
Come and watch me play some and chat …
Onto Round of the tourney!! Won -4 on agg. against fighting against some tough connection on…
Ensuring Rank II in Rivals and then let's fire up some PRO CLUBS!!!
Im live ladies and gentlemen Draft/ rivals and v1 We hit followers Thank you ️ …
When someone says “Kane &gt; Auba” Me: ️
Hey friends we are live on some Come get you some FUT Draft picks in!
Rivals Gameplay tonight has been amazing. Haven't had button delay tonight. Give me this /7 Please EA
LATE NIGHT WATCH PARTY: Check out my newest video and drop a comment telling me your favorite Ligue players in…
Thinking this will be my last stream for a bit. I feel like I’m putting in the hours for little to zero growth at a…
Can you even score from corners in ?
look what I got
OMFG IM DONE!! I LITERALLY DID GOLD UPGRADE! FUCK OFFFFFFFF
With the heading nerf corners needed a new meta and here is that meta.
Fix your FUCKING servers
Wake up Check Fifa for content ........... Turn Fifa off Maybe tomorrow 🤷‍️
Anyone not game sharing on Xbox? I’ll give you everything in my PayPal 🤞
Just got on Pro Clubs after a few days away from it and this shit feels exactly like FIFA again. …
Trying to decide on which RM upgrade would be the move after Thursday rewards....
The youth movement is now!!! st night with realism mod &amp; the…
Really not fussed on hardly anything has changed from Fifa gameplay wise. Disappointing.
Live Division Rivals, try hard up to D4 puis D3 ! ️ ▶️
time to buy Messi...
Is anyone else not able to get onto the servers on for Xbox rn ????? I’m freaking out
Good game .. free kick from an outrageous distance goes straight in when I’ve not pressed anything…
Squad Battle Rewards FIFA - Ultimate Team
Bored so completed Flashback Theo Walcott
Looking at FIFA19, we could say that when EA releases the Schweinsteiger End of Era SBC, they might aim for this re…
FIFA Download PC
Anyone who's not enjoying this gameplay isn't doing it right. Perfect? No. Fun? Yes.
Come watch my boy whoop some ass on rivals, . Homie got Elite and is absolutely a beast Link:
How on earth it's an offside
Draft Packs paying out, yes EA
Finally caught up with the L’s lol: -8-21. The gameplay is so good. Really fluid. Enjoying it. Hoping WL will be even better
Dumb question but can my player on career mode on sign for other teams or am I stuck with the team I picked…
going live over at with some rivals grinding whilst also testing flashback walcott!
Let’s play some and maybe someone eat a rotten zombie skittles !!! Going live in a few on …
The way to beat the “1 Depth Drop Back” players is to attack even more than usual. It’s a case of going extreme t…
dirty
Ridiculous shit....
Hey could ya at least fix The formation : (FUT) the thing about is is the RF always be at the bac…
Didn’t even attempt ultimate team tonight. Logged onto fifa and played two games of online seasons. The difference…
You inbreds take out ai defending yet wanna add assisted shot pass blocks fk yah shot game u bunch of canadian frog…
on : ELITE SQUAD BATTLE REWARDS! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team
on : ,000,000 COINS TRANSFER PROFIT! - Road to Glory! Ultimate Team
If you are holding a lot of Sarabia I highly recommend selling before the totw is announced. At k..not sure how…
For my half stream tomrrow after fifa …
Right so can someone elain why in Rivals people waste time from like the th minute like it’s the FEWC Final ple…
is supposed to be the game I play for fun. BUT, everytime I play it O get upset because of the gameplay. I…
Any improvements?
If you guys have k laying around and are looking for a new CAM for your team, i will highly recommend Bernardo Si…
Facts
You vs the guy she told you not to worry about
Done with already. It’s shit!
diving reflexes apparently
Saint-Maximan &gt; TOTY Neymar Honestly, I’ve played him times so far, lost every single time. It’s like he has s…
Aight yal got my guy Rivaldinho (jr) in fifa (finally). Now i need Malcom, and Ansu Fati...…
LIVE!! $1000 Futhead Tourney!! Round vs. Mehdibob
Another Draft Win in the books!
How is the game dead after weeks? No content, can't grind anything as have to wait for you to release it in bits,…
Want to change the squad a bit for this WL what you guys saying about the -5-2 I built?
Have a CHIPPY day!!!
The defending on Fifa is fucking abysmal
The clearance that got us promoted to Division
Well lads... Just went and packed Ronaldo didn’t I?
If gets an Inform on this year.. I will upload ,000 Fifa points to my account and I’ll open packs until I pack him
Highest draft so far. !
PACKS IN THE STORE, LEGGOOOO
Just won a rivals match -3. in form card is !
Honestly They Need To Fix The Passing In It’s Atrocious
Yoooo icon Ian Rush is a madness
🤔 I would like to have the regular League SBCs in
This song need to be added to Fifa , Authentic banger 🥺
Roncaglia is up to k for anyone holding! I’m selling off half of mine at k profit per card!!
Great. Now is making me feel guilty. And yes, the Sith Lord above him is a real player. I’m just selling…
Any upgrades I should do ?
First stream of the week. Back to the FUT grind on Fifa , gonna play some squad battles to warm up and then play…
If you attack or on Twitter in any capacity you need to take a long hard look at yourself.…
WE ARE LIVE! Post Weekend League wrap &amp; hitting the drafts!
Also, my striker starts at my corner flag every tip. . . What the f%€k is that about?
So i do a HDR update on my console and suddenly my fifa has turned into pes gameplay 🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨
BEST CAREER MODE TEAMS: -None. It's broken. Thanks for listening to my TED talk.
is going to take some time getting used to.
Tomorrow's SBC Leaked
Very rude of me.
The worst fifa ever “fif19” after months people and especially content creators were more engaged than this Newly…
you’re name calling me to come &amp; get you, but you’re price pushed me away from you
I don't know what is happening but tonight Rivals gameplay is so so smooth just like during EA Access. Could it be…
𝕌𝕣𝕓𝕒𝕟'𝕤 𝕋𝕠𝕡 𝕋𝕣𝕒𝕕𝕚𝕟𝕘 𝕋𝕚𝕡𝕤 Remember to always check your 's before hitting the list button guys 🤔 Sounds daft but it…
Man city vs Real Madrid
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! WALKOUTS!!! FIFA POINTS PACK OPENING! - FIFA Ultimate Team …
Struggled with Lewandowski missing sitters and missing too many v1 during Fut Champs , and he’s just hit the post…
Every single pass in
Web App SBC Reward or ???
first hours work on Career mode done the squad for sorted and Celebrity Squad…
+ views!!
The shooting "fix" is a big fucking scam. Not a single thing has changed. Players are still missing v1's. We're no…
Had to put on the moves this game
is it me or has turned in to a strategy game for the majority.. it’s not enjoyable! EA also lacking with the amount of content
HOW THE MARKET WORKS! WEEKLY FLIPPING ELAINED!
Got these and k. Anyone have any recommendations?
Three point difference in on card stats in Vieira's favor but Seedorf has more in game stats. Makes no sense to…
Night shift is a go, work is dead so time to complete my first ever report on accessibility in a game! …
LIVE NOW ️ FIFA AFTER HOURS // DRAFT ️
OCTOBER THE NINTH...
I haven't bought Harry Kane, wtf?
Starting &amp; Bench Series starting soon ...
Does anyone know how to get a red card off a player?? I've tried the totw glitch a few times and it still hasn't come off my de jong
Check the link to watch my new video.. …
The most ICONS i've had so far in Draft!
FUCK
FIFA Download PC
Will be live streaming this tourney in an hour! Shoutout to the &amp; for the invite!
Big Wes likely to get an in form on this week. Will you be trying to cop?
Hands Down Ea is the worst gaming company out there.. holly shit fucking scammers
Untradeable - weep.
Someone come entertain me and teach me how to play bored out my mind
Streaming some career mode on twitch live at
nerding the early hours of the night away
This game needs some SERIOUS work.
The year is , the game is . Technology is so advanced you can high-five the players through the TV. Y…
GUESS THE FLAG THAT POPS UP, GET A GIFTED SUB!
HWM Playz Celebrity Beast Squad
Welcome to the family and my baby Max . ‍️ …
is literally just weeks old and I feel exhausted with it already, absolutely no desire to play it at all
Anybody wanna buy k ps4 coins? only £ u wont find them cheaper go to
Two weeks &amp; is dead . FUT content is garbage. New milestone/ features are boring. Gameplay patches haven…
Patricio couldnt let that one in for the streets?
Is it really worth getting ? Or should I just stick with ?
Buying Fifa coins on PS4 dm for details
Wasn't it said that you can use these loan cards in the friendly matches even after they eire? …
Fifa is awful why have they made it worse then last years the defending and pro clubs is shit sort it out ea
God even Ed Woodward is screwing me over in FIFA . Reality is flowing in to the virtual world.
We're feeling the FIFA fever this week so get ready for tons of content covering your favorite soccer simulator! H…
Switched it up.
Tbh I’m not sure how this is gonna work. POTM is due to be announced on Friday but everyone’s away on internation…
Stream will be up at :45 est and run until about :30-9 pm let’s get it transferring to so let’s get some…
U can beat icons with this squad , Trust me (:
Gorgeous - Equaliser on Ronaldo, take a Bow.
Its disgusting, I know.
I need to focus more on you guys and not on my trade and snipes just cause I don't like investing, even tho I help…
Anybody use drogbas icon card in draft or anything what you guys think of him
Just had this, had a beautiful -2 equaliser, he scored a sweaty cheap goal and parked it for the remainder of the…
Ribery in cba why?🤣
So I realised earlier that everything I wish FIFA was..... is literally just PES . So guess what I'm buying t…
As if this wasn't handball
Night lads! Join me tomorrow for some division rivals over on at pm GMT!
Guys, don't sit on coins, if you want to make bank, buy every Sunday/Monday, sell Thursday some hours after rewards…
Anyone else have one of there players start Right down by the corner flag in the own half all time?
[ENG] Drafts for Packs! | Competitive FIFA Player for Farmingdale State College | !Socials
Any improvements
Quick question for the community. Have you actually loaded up Volta once? And I don't mean Kick Off Volta with a m…
is before game is in game, Any changes, upgrades or maybe even tactics? Any help is appreciated …
EA Sports FIFA
My first ever v11s match on was a good time w the boys from Lyon
Is honestly the worst FIFA for gameplay. Headers are broken. The Ref is blind and doesn’t see anything. Tac…
Fifa community right now
Guys I need to know something How many coins are you sitting on right now? Full liquid?
Anyone else's formation reset back to original when playing Ultimate Team?
I can't find Langlet on the market would adjust his price ?
Bit of a downgrade to my midfield and let Kane go!! But wanted that Walcott card
Heading to ? Want to walk away with a brand new PS4 console, accessories + an awesome trophy? Sign u…
Someone make me a team got k and a untradeable sissoko
Really excited to be working with and to be sponsoring the winner of season . What has been created…
A little bit of FIFA as I was really tired today, gonna grind Rivals tommorow and start doing some sniping again, h…
Get hyped Medellin, The FKW Final Part is coming
Tutorial : How to take freekicks on - no need for timed finishing.
I have a headache
Is maguire otw any good?
Can anyone elain why I didnt get silver week objective for swaps but registered on other OK?
This was my first FIFA eerience ️
Afc Bournemouth is my new favourite team on 🤣
Just got Makelele from the theo Walcott sbc!!!
-1-1 session on on the way back up!
Will the bullshit ever stop? Ep.3 "Punches it clean" - fuck off does he.
Defending is so pants I dont even celebrate these goals.
Investments for friday informs ~ K ~ K ~ ,9 K ~ ,9 K • trading …
I wish we still had icon SBC’s, literally the only way I would be able to have Eusebio on my team
New &amp;amp; Barbuda head coach Lisa Cole wants to build a change engine 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Play by Play: EA (Nasdaq: $EA) and FIFA Launch Global Series on the Road, lululemon (Nasdaq ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Who are Piemonte Calcio on FIFA , what does it mean and why are Juventus NOT included on ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
G EPISODE !! If we get to subs on youtube i will be doing k fifa points give aways !!! …
kingsley coman freekick
Josh king and Callum Wilson up front in my team have been absolutely slaying it.
Need answers will Eden Hazard get a TOTW tomorrow?!?
Player switching doesn't work in . Fix it please
Show some love!
LIVE IN MINUTES!!! Grinding Draft all night cause I am addicted to packs!
can get boring and there are times when it’s so boring and there’s nothing to do. I feel as if they need to…
I’ve never seen the FIFA Community and Community Managers going into chaos like this. It’s unbelievable how everyth…
Finally after years of tweeting and retweeting for a giveaway I actually won .and the best thing about it…
Can confirm defending is still fucked and is unplayable Garbage, need to revert to the 2 patch but updat…
Check you my younger bros intro to whats going to be an amazing youtube career…
What platform do you play on ??? -comment below 🤙!!!!
Let the game begin
What a sub...
Referees are absolutely fuxked man, win the ball and maybe get the man a bit but how tf is that a red, fifa is alre…
FIFA Starhead Thread 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Already sorted for weekend leaague
Unreal. &amp; they don’t know the rules of football. 🤣🤣🤣
M brut Presque M net Yesayyyyy
I’m having crazy fun with this team , what’s your team ??
ive had enough of this shit. Players clearly stop sprinting. Fix this fucking debacle of a game. Genuinely…
Does anyone else use Ter Stegen? Is it just me he’s terrible for 🤷‍️ literally spaghetti hands
The lads are back for and was at the forefront of things on opening day
Just because I was winning and then I lost connection and still lost
Listen to this random guy online rip a fart before I bang on em
Packs from all the SBC's
Check Out Rapz on ReverbNation! - …
I know I'm late on this but I really like the design for this year's flashback cards. I like how this year's thing…
Pro clubs anyone? Xbox?
Go show some love of my latest FIFA Trading video &lt;3 I show you how to make coins with…
Do I take Coins Thursday for Division Rivals rewards? Probs only gonna get rank as I’m in div3 and cba to play ag…
Low Budget Money Makers For FIFA That Anyone Can Do Check My YouTube Channel! …
Who's the best player you have used on ?
THE MOST UNDERRATED ICON IN FIFA!!! -1 LIVE PRO FUT CHAMPS HIGHLIGHTS + CUSTOM TACTICS! Ultimate Team…
I feel bad for my opponent tbh
Newcastle fans when they see
Thoughts?
Is it even a game of if there’s not minutes added time?
k Giveaway To enter: -Retweet this tweet -Follow: , ,…
Tomorrow my Friend
Leon Bailey is the best player on , no debate
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post Winner drawn th Oct! Another comp coming up stra…
Cm and rb strong link,who should i get?
Finally completed the week objectives!
When I see Auba Laca and Pepe in the starting lineup for
WE ARE LIVE WITH SOME PACKS AND GAMES!!! ️
He joins Div on division rivals of . is the first ivorian 🇨🇮 to do this performance and he te…
Was pushing for Div and Weekend league failed we go again nextweek mans tired now
Division Rivals
When you load up another game of and don’t hear Martin Tyler or Alan Smith
Exciting Icons to Go After in FUT Icon Swaps - DBLTAP
Who are Piemonte Calcio on FIFA , what does it mean and why are Juventus NOT included on the game? - The Sun …
NEW INFO COMING INTO MY STREAM! FORFEIT FIFA FRIDAY!! -- EVERY GAME OF CHAMPS I LOSE OR SUBS I…
Is the worst fifa ever?
Hes back
The second Road to glory LIVESTREAM is starting right now hopefully no issues this time guys 🤞…
It really sucks when content creators rage about delay, glitches and etc but munutes later they are a screaming “…
Taison having more in game stats than Sterling is actually laughable.. ’s ratings are
Best simulation game is still Fifa , Games &amp; Apps News &amp; Top Stories
Lil Ze - Jevon -- banger of a tune on but i cant find it anywhere for download! Anyone help me out
Another one
Taking a much needed break to relax with a cup of tea and watch a movie. It's nice to not be frustrated by for a couple of hours.
Isn’t it funny how before launched, we were getting lots of updates and promises (better gameplay and trans…
So with one month to go of in How are you getting on so far? On track for level ? I'm at k…
Better content on Netflix then there is on Fifa 🤣
Sooooo no content today for Feels bad i am live any way playing viewers, checking…
Done
Hey can we get some cleats/boots in the catalogue PLEASE!?! There's barely ANY brand named cl…
Did somene else had the same problem yet?
First ever Gamerholics tournament.
For ST
Played at least games of Rivals today and won about games I would ask for help or tips but nothing is…
Packed Lenglet in our pre-order packs tonight which was a nice k coin boost on our RTG account actually impresse…
think im about done with it already, rubbish servers, delay, boring game play, already on my rd fut team,…
New video. Northampton career mode. Link:
GUYS MAKE SURE TO CHECK MY FIRST EPISODE IN CAREER MODE IN FIFA
(SONY PlayStation Bundles - GB) - Now ONLY £219 - …
We are Live!! FIFA Pro Clubs with the Tactics Community, Squad battles Elite grind &amp; Variety…
Question of the week | Doucouré or Chalobah? (Based on current form)🤔 - ignore tags - …
Did change the stamina depletion last patch?It seems to be depleting faster than at launch...I rememb…
Scott destroys the A.I. with a killer crossover
Never do "have what we hold" on fifa. They are no such thing as defenders in this.
Fifa is like a game of chess if you move player out of position for a split second you get punished for it! Yo…
Weirdest glitch... He's always there!
WE ARE LIVE! Notification Squad! ️
People just realized that FIFA is plagued with the same main issues as FIFA ... Disappointment is getting stro…
I can guarantee there’s many pros using the new DC glitch in champs and rivals right now But DW, all will be reve…
Division Rivals in is so destructive it’s not even a joke you can win games in a row and then lose game…
How to break a low block m*therfucker from -0 down
I’m complete garbage at Fifa ...
Go give a follow to my good friend in the community T100 trader, runs a large patreon and gives great t…
Well done on making a worst game that last year lads I tell you why because they haven't fi the problems…
Is it me or is career mode too easy? It's my first season with Plymouth, on World Class, and I've just won…
Live continuing my road to glory with on tune in and chill and the chat
rated flashback card ... is he worth it?
Just packed an icon
Press️dribble️shootalah’s scoring guide️ . …
is soooo bad you can feel the auto runs pull away from your directional input and passed just go absolutely…
I really shouldn’t be as annoyed as I am by Juventus being called Piemonte on
Hey guys can we please stop watching every single replay in every game its so boring I just wanna get through some…
nd match in a row this has happened. In Rivals. No lag during the game yet it disconnects. Didn’t get the…
Easy draft dub with this team
If you need some Xbox or PSN money for Fifa Points for , check out G2A for some Cheap Codes! PS4…
I seem to have missed the drama and the drama. What's been going on?
More than ,600 players may have been affected by a during sign-ups for the Gl…
Disappointing -3 loss after a dodgy penalty and some rough decisions by the ref but we go again
division rivals!!
Got this baby boy! My day is complete
Let's Gooooooo
Remember aswell guys, if you can do it and find a player whilst are learning the same method. You can do it whe…
These Challenges are shit
Full Theo Walcott review
Alan Smith literally has a line in fifa where it pretty much elains what everyone's thinking about
Tonight the road to division one continues in fifa , If you want to jump in on the action head over to the channe…
The is shit !!
I'm normally the st person to complain about the newest FIFA game but I have to give credit where du…
New video
Omfg just lost -3 and every goal conceded was from me anticipating and making an interception but despite smashing…
Read which players we have enjoyed using the most so far on These players will cost you less than …
Pls sort GK's aswell EA
Darren thinks should be on the cover of . Over ,000 people agree ️…
Happy To Join VPG Team . Good Players Good Team cant wait to start Playing for my New Team️…
First Icon flip of the year. Cheeky little k profit. Used him for the WL and he was pretty solid.
Have fixed the shitey defending they 'fixed' on yet?
Some Leeds fans should definitely change their FUT Name to 'Netklich and Chill'
Is it me or is RNG more riff in than ?
As if I’ve just mist an open net for him to go and score in th th minute and I go and score a rd minute and s…
I was done with fifa from FIFA19 couldn’t stand it. Fifa , what am herring is awful.
Might just pirate and become a patron for FIFER mods. Fuck and Fuck . You don't dese…
The circle of life ... my son just let me score a goal in to spare me feelings
Canadian rules
Scored this the other day...
So what is next Week - Gold tasks going to be EA? Score with a bronze keeper in rivals by doing an over head kick…
It looks like the train has come to a disastrous end and we're only weeks in. This year was make or break…
Look at the tackle I make, and I still get punished. This game makes me sick
I am live on Twitch at Trying for Top on Squad Battles!
Need some points for your Ultimate Team? Get them instantly via download codes for and from…
The current team
BEST CAREER MODE TEAMS! Here is the second part of some of the best teams you can use in Career Mode, in…
Are you a PS4 player, looking for a squad outside VFL/VPG matches? are looking for…
PSG v Angers marquee matchups sbc video is now up on my channel
Anyone know why my active players have changed to concept players?! And how the hell do I change them back?!?…
Will change to (4) or in game. Got just under k for changes, opinions?
Two rare player upgrade packs OP. Campanion packs &gt; Console packs.
Mans wrote a statement longer than the list of fixes implemented in because he gets abuse online, from peop…
I just published my of 's latest FIFA game, and I'd love for you all to read it! It was definite…
Every bloody challenge on this is a booking ugghh
My Career Mode with Northampton Town continues! Onto episode !
Who has the worst communication?
Road to D1! False gameplay! live at
EA should also release a tonne of content for the casual gamer too. On Friday we are going to get Icon swaps, which…
Had to get that inform
Yeah.. I wish I could trade this well. Gimme those damn coins for all these sell outs. …
Someone build me a team (210k)
Someone make me a team around flashback Theo Walcott, for k x
Anyone wants a game of Fifa this week XB1 hit my DMs
The basic’s to finding your own players to trade are now being sent out via DM TO EVERYONE WHO LIKES THIS! …
Reminder that tomorrow and Thursday will be getting an episode each as I'm away for the weekend. Catch up here&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;…
Our first game will be a behind closed doors friendly vs excited is an understatement! …
we are liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiveeee
Our annual challenge is back with . Defending champion Stephen O'Donnell is back with new t…
ICYMI: I uploaded a new FIFA Trading video which elains the method of Icon Flipping!…
My team on
. IS. COMPLETELY. BROKEN . ARE. FINISHED End of discussion.
When no one on clubs on wants to take the pen with the new mechanics so you step up and slot it home.
Tried to get my manager to look like Stevie Gerrard thoughts?
Just got this bad boy on , not even played a game yet... what to do? 🤔
FIFA CAREER MODE Refund us honest gamers for this disaster of a game…
Probably the best ever free kick in
Really like Gold Pablo Sarabia this week as a investment Scored a goal and had assists over the weekend…
Getting away from the toxicity that is Atm with some Call of Duty mobile! Much more enjoyable than I imagin…
Going CDM on pro clubs
When you get neymar in a premium gold pack now do I sell or keep hold?
More gems! Will collect them for good event. Of course if there will be one.
Fix the refs
or , come on , it’s time to show yourself.
This Kylian Mbappe PRO CLUBS STRIKER BUILD on FIFA has SO MUCH PACE! …
Would like to thank you all for the support! Gained around followers the past days and also built almost + s…
The Best Players in Each Position! Cheap &amp; Eensive. It will help you build your FUT Champs team bros -…
Flashback to fifa ,swapping for and for
Anyone on the market? Need some good players to snipe with.
Rank:
Big mood ..
I am live playing come join and chill
Suggestions plz
New team, debut, some things never change ️️️
WE HAVE CONTENT BOYS ...
what do i do with k
Ohh, phone laggy as hell, but Coman was able to get Ribery.
Le Soundtrack de est mortel ... Maintenant on attend
If they put the ball out as SBC content tomorrow I wouldn’t even be mad. Would be the greatest troll of all time …
SBC’S are so worth it...
Bought him days ago to k sold him today for k. Made k profit overall, follow my twitter to catch on my nex…
My little brother did a YouTube review for He’s only so go show him some love
Fancy watching some vids? Then has got you covered! Come watch some! …
I could less about getting enough to get that Zaha or any of the other two players. I already have better pla…
[LIVE NOW] What: With: FIFA Ultimate Team Where: Kangar's bac…
If you create a toxic game mode, you will attract toxic people, who will make toxic posts.. This is the type of ass…
My is playing -1 to QPR scored a hat-trick
Pro clubs has sparked a war🤣
I’m so done with . There’s literally nothing to play for on it just now. Not when a simple repeatable SBC.
When you’re winning -0 on FIFA and your mate yells “JUST SKIP THE CELEBRATIONS MAN” 🤣🤣🤣
We all know that ratings can be a touchy subject We sat down with wingers and…
at its finest 🤣
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CARRIERA ILLUSTRATA ALLENATORE ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ZOOM DET…
Bought cards of him min ago. Now already ,8k Love it how futbin solutions affect the market Sorry for…
I have had fifa every year since . I held off this year but should I get it?
Depay review is now up! Go and show some support
When you score a sweaty goal vs your mate on Fifa
"I swear you said is shit, why you back online playing it?" Me:
Thank the lord, we did it!
is Son overpriced ? [500K]
[LIVE NOW] What: Where: Greggo's live with some more Ul…
Recording Some Draft to glory! to go on my Channel on
Drop a point here : for more update in
SCORE UPDATE From -1 Down the magpies come back to steal a rd min equalizer! M. Almiron scoring a wonderful…
I really hate how fifa doesn't show how many points theres required for each section ngl, needs sorting for sure…
FIFA : HOW TO GET K FOR FREE WITHOUT DOING SBC'S IN ULTIMATE TEAM! ... via
get yo arse in here and support a small streamer who grinds &lt;3
kante is not the force he once was on this game
Banegazo,divisiones online
Guys there’s just to many people to message everyone. How about I create a guide on how to find your own players? I…
Imagine
is community too toxic
/2 Got to be the worse FIFA in years. Passes end up yards short, attacking headers just bounce directly into the…
im really really want to play but with all of the sh*t going on right now im just not in the mood to grind…
Current Squad
You know it is not ypur day when this happens...
im back ... i guess.... kinda
A BOY JUST PLAYED ME FOR MINUTES SCORED A GOAL AGAINST HIMSELF AND THEN MESSAGED ME SAYING GG I CBA
Here's my prediction for the first for FUT Champions! A couple of very good cards, and potentially the first…
Is doing anyone else’s tits right in on the new Fifa or just mine?
Pretty much sums up my debut for my Sunday League team Lol Not match fit yet, still getting used to my team mat…
Would love to hear anyone's thoughts on this …
"CHELSEA VS NAPOLI" LAST CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FACEOFF!!! - FIFA CHELSEA CAREER MODE S1E3
Day : With all the respect , don't be the victims and…
Win the draft to get no boards fifa is a joke
Well said Sir!
I’ve not heard a single good thing about FIFA20, is it as bad as everyone makes out? I haven’t bought it for a few…
You Know The Drill Live Mon-Fri :00 Until :00 🤷‍️ Just A Lad From Ipswich Chasing A Dream …
FIFA fever just started
Lot of drama going on in the community tonight. Community managers having a meltdown on twitter is insane.…
When you’re winning -0 on FIFA and your mate starts blaming his controller 🤣🤣
WHY DOES IT TAKE SECONDS TO SHOOT THE BALL
Insane fifa snipes! Kindly share and drop a follow please! …
Another nice snipe
If I click on pro clubs the menus don't come on and all I see is the background?? ???
Fifa is probably up there with the worse fifa games going..freekicks and penalties have been truly ruined and as…
Need VAR in .
So this has happened twice now?
My god the button delay input is driving me insane. So many chances lost or situations where it takes so long to do…
Not buying this year my money goes to
What a joke this tweet is, you stir your followers up so much, the natural follow on is the abuse the people associ…
Hey no ????
I understand that not everyone has k+ coins on FIFA . However, this method works all year round - so if and w…
Lindelof apparently coins on PS4? Only going to rise. I’d pick a few up 🤟
Why is fifa so broken I literally try and play a pass sideways and it goes straight tfff?
in real life
Have Seriously not released anything again tonight? The fuck am I paying for?
[LIVE NOW] What: With: FIFA Ultimate Team Where: Dame is back…
I have uploaded a brand new FIFA Trading video! This time it is a brief look into the t…
Break new ground in with the new official Global Series match ball, now available in-game!
EA just seem to have forgotten how to make good football games
Brought Ndidi for k Will he reach k or just list at k
Over analyzed reviews and ,000 poll results received about . Check out the hot topics and have your say…
Jorginho better get an upgrade to at least in January
Today I sniped consumables. Try it yourself. Fifa FUT - Make 00 coins in minutes with consumables | with…
Mid budget sniping filter. Generates loads of profit without being very competitive. …
Lol, i can see the people with the tags for the game ect. I boycotted the game a long tim…
content is like my spurs team lack of passion who eles agrees 🤔🤔🤔
MY BEST SBC PACK! Ultimate Team Road To Glory
Remember Volta? Lol
Hey slot it in the top corner.
How tf is this a penalty? Smh..
Sorry everyone but I think is fantastic. Gameplay is
Normally whilst the wife watches bake off, I get some solid Fifa in. She’s unwell today and wants to watch it in b…
A little Teaser from my new Youtube Video. I hope you enjoy it... If you want to see more click the link below...…
HaHa is dogshit
Game's been out for less than a werk and I'm already bored af. Other then sweating Rivals, there's literally nothing to do!
-2 loss in the last minute. Debut goal for Mugabe though
Guys the thread, again, isn't about the problems. It's about themselves again
FIFA Download PC
FIFA surreal. High Graphical content to the core with an high end model of Alienware, gives a sheer entertainm…
Who else is hating rivals right now in Fifa absolutely disgraceful
Ignore my record haha Sniping Filter:
We live playing some …
Thanks for the short stream today! Won and lost in it is what it is. Gonna head to work, might stream some…
Got to love a th minute equaliser.. 🥅
The lack of content in is a little alarming - could at least give us a Flashback SBC today featuring Freddy Adu or maybe Bojan
FIFA Download PC
Any pro fancy a friendly game on FIfa ? Dm me.
What's this then ? I start up and I see Golden ChubbyBum on my startup screen 🤔
is dead. Shame I cant get a refund as I bought a digital version.
I’m live FUFA20 FUT come say hi …
What?!?!
Need more quality accounts to follow for commentary and posts on here
One of the best Career Mode super subs I have used so far! Pacey, prolific, energetic. He has everything…
Icon Tip! On Friday October th..EA will be rolling out a program called Icon Swaps It is sure to create some…
. I made twitter to show rivals gameplay &amp; also imo this game was ruined after th…
Haha EA over here with apparently only one person who can work on content and hes been out sick what a stupid excus…
next stop: Sadio Mane
Seeing a lot of hate towards Fifa recently.. honestly i like the game.. has some stuff which needs changing and upd…
| Our roster for
Here comes a update mara fede. From winger to CM TO CB, Bastian had a great career and his accolades spea…
Lets all unfollow . Abusing the followerbenefits without helping the community (lol com-manage…
KDB days ago Messi Yesterday and Hazard today🤪
GOING LIVE!!! On the first owner! What are doing!!
Rivals + Objectives grind!
Gone live on Only wins I reckon.
My reaction when I check Twitter and see the statements from EA and the community reaction.
Ever find urself singing a song not knowing where ya know it from, and ya realise it’s cause ya mans playing fifa t…
It’s fairly simple to keep the community happy. - Daily varied content at a reasonable price - Ongoing gri…
Can you ert your pro to
Here he is- first come first served. Dabbur on bid. instant sell on buy now 🤟 …
It's like I'm playing fifa19 but with a different number. I get that people want to be sweats in WL but in rivals?…
Save of the season!
celebrating st win with his new team !
Another day, no new content
Whatever they've done with these patches has made this game utter shite.
First game of the week starting in mins in the no rules cup. Be sure to watch on
I love playing online because it's a great way of making new friends
Bastian Schweinsteiger has announced his retirement from football... flashback SBC incoming?
Reporter: "Not the greatest start of the season." Well I'm sorry that our points from isn't good enough for you. Career Mode.
Icon crash this Friday. At least for an hours. Icon Swaps release in days .
Just played this team on division rivals.. hows my man even afforded this team
Quick reminder Fifa is days old from regular release and there’s been over sbcs released in total as well as season objectives
Negativity Attention Seeking Regarding If you Don't Like it stay with
Anyone else can't find a game in division rivals in fifa rn?
OVERPOWERED K PREMIER LEAGUE SQUAD BUILDER! ULTIMATE TEAM via
Why though..
Gol Balgradean&gt;Coman&gt;Gnohere
Aggregate Prediction Based on predictions these players are most likely to get a IF.…
Does anyone know if Career Mode is fixed please?
Squads getting there looking forward to seeing what icons I can add to it soon 🤘
Madness how EA Sports earn all this money but can’t run a game properly.
Ultimate Team -Prediction: Das ist die Prognose zum Team of the Week ️…
Already found a gem. k made in /7 minutes.. instant flip. Do I tweet it? It may effect the market straight away.…
Even though starting a new series may take you days to edit, I feel like its worth it if you learn sometime new fro…
This entire FIFA community is turning on EA because of how dreadful is you absolutely love to see it. Con…
Streaming at around pm. Got some Squad Battles to go through tonight so chill stream, song requests on. See you…
discussions on twitter today are just a shit storm such a toxic community
WTF!!Somebody sparking one up at EA and don’t care and what’s up with Week gold I’ve done…
It's time to show all our FIFA PRO CLUB Champions!! Follow us for and…
Is it me or does the gameplay feel worse since the servers were down yesterday it's near unplayable rn
Terrible servers, no content and problems with gameplay...
0 boys here we go!
Dear Mr. I really appreciate that you finally decide days after weekend give your statement about…
myths. You are able to score corners on this year.
Back in the Bicycle Kick game
Gotta go on record here about FIFA ATM Team is great playing well only thing is the rebound goals there is way t…
Hop on twitter after being in bed all day and it’s absolute mayhem! Guessing nothing happened on I’d lo…
Good Evening, fam. This is My personal account from now on! I will not tolerate any hatred towards Me or my Family…
A little late obs has had an absolute meltdown on me but were still live get in here
in daaa houseeee
Send a gif on your thoughts of so far, I’ll start.
If only had a massive twitter account that they could regularly post updates on the game and content…
Fifa Twitter at its peak. A toxic community because of the lack of content the past days vs community managers who…
Amazing how the conversation today went from "shocking lack of content for so far" all the way to "Please g…
we continue the grind on grinding for fut champs today come watch live and support the channel…
If you work on social media. The biggest thing you need is a thick skin. But if you don't is very easy to blame eve…
Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don…
Could you imagine what would happen if and stepped away from twitter, then pe…
You ever get players in your pack to get this kinda reaction??? If so...drop 'em below ⬇️⬇️
Twice i've been winning a game, twice i've 'lost connection' to EA servers and TWICE it's registered as a loss ️
Good Evening All live with some for some action PS4 Fifa Pro Clubs action Please excuse any lang…
which striker?
Ironic that
games dead... even worse than last year. Felt good at the start before the patch t…
About to go down even more
Fancy winning a St Mirren branded copy of signed by Jim Goodwin? Just follow and retweet the belo…
Top highest rated League Two players on FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
What drives a person to offer this kind of abuse over a video game! I'm just as passionate as the next with regard…
My year old brother has more balls than you
I'm live on Twitch playing
ICYMI Earlier I release a new series on Ultimate Team for
Lets play
Can someone elain the overall Bench, for squad restrictions?
Right guys, back from work. Ready to look at the market and make some coins tonight. Who’s with me 🤟 …
Twitter has more content than .
So what is wrong with ? Got OTW Griezmann and Pogba in two packs yesterday afternoon!
Why are Derek Rae and Lee Din commentating on nearly all of my matches on FIFA ? Sick of Lee Din piping in an…
If you aren’t a content creator for , then why do you think people use P2W method of playing? Like if you a…
Winning games on by goals. I’m shocked at myself I never used to like playing online games but lov…
I don’t agree with the abuse sent to the community managers. However, I do not believe these personal statements ha…
Spent €60 on unreal that, it’s an incomplete product that sold and have made an obscene amount of money…
Based off the recent comms from employee team, you should tamper your eectations for . Do…
Watch game play: On Twitch:
Live day streak /7 go watch …
Hi its me again live again days in a row!! Come join my chat everyone is welcome!! ️ …
My jersey finally here thanks to really looking forward to push the team forward! …
People are really sleeping on the Volta League on
When you bother to give us content &amp; the "official comms" let any of us know what is going on. I % guarantee I w…
Thoughts/opinions? +an icon CDM🤔
Feeding some content! This guy deserves an EOAE card. He would be dynamite 🧨 He’d be a great addi…
Absolutely bored of already.... lack of SBCs has killed it for me.
forcing some of us to use analog because the fake shot doesn’t work with ARROWS - sort it out please!
this dude dabbed on me thinking he was the shit so I clapped back n scored makin it -1 just to shut him up
Fifa career mode is so broken! I won’t play it now until they fix it. I’ve done one season and both Man Utd fini…
There’s only acceptable reason for not skipping the celebration &amp; replay after scoring a sweaty goal and that’s t…
I'm LIVE... stream of the day - Rivals Grind - Playing you guys - Reviewing your squads…
Year after year I can feel something about to burst in my brain.
So by saying "being inconvenient" you can pretty much block anyone asking questions you don't want to address regar…
I am a clairvoyant, i can see that tomorow the daily challenges for will be win a game, play two games and…
Tackling on is fucking shite!
Stoked for FIFA20! Let's go!
with the lads version only! come join in the mess!!
fucking bs maybe code the keepers to catch the ball!! please
My thoughts on FUT atm.
INTRODUCING YOUR WEEK KITS!!!! Thankyou for providing us with these beautiful kits!…
New Football Prints Available Now in Club Colours only - £4.50 Free UK Delivery …
Why have made squad battles more difficult to win I just wanna sit and watch the game after I’ve scored last tw…
Get in!
Coming your way very soon! Be on our YouTube channel in the next ten minutes for the latest episode of …
When your on with the goalie and you get speed lag.
MY FIRST PACK OPENING ON FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM
I sound like a broken record honestly but the sniping filter on ps4 for gold attackers with hunter chem styles stil…
In all seriousness hes screenshotted someone calling him a wet wipe, as much as the abuse is disgusting and unaccep…
Did the writers of fifa and EA go to school to learn a bit of grammar
Hello
when is EA going to fix this situation when the rival is losing or the sco…
Fifa ultimate team is fucking awful
Jesus in aswell. Cant really play him in main team. But will try him out in campaigns.
Feel like Marcus Rashford when I’m taking free kicks on Fifa20. Absolutely shocking
The community is awesome. It also has the potential to turn toxic right now. Lets fight to make the game…
I don't see why is getting hate. made a game that is fun for the casual player and the competitive player to enjoy
I'm starting LIVE on !
LIVE Grinding Objectives / New Team
- Weekend League results - finished the first weekend league at FIFA20 -5 Special thank you goes out…
so no content is realised for the owners must be on holiday
Right off to Career Mode I go...
This is MAD!! Fifa is only a few weeks old and the toxicity is excruciating (although wasn’t impressed with Core…
Imagine complaining about online toxicity as a ONLINE COMMUNITY MANAGER In not taking shots at you but please dud…
FIFA TOTW Predictions: FUT updates for Arsenal, Villa and Wolves stars in Team of the Week? - Daily Star …
Imagine paying £60 for and it being absolutely riddled with bugs....
I need a better squad on but I'm broke, so I've been grinding squad battles all morning trying to get decen…
can anyone else just not score???
I scored the best goal in ️
I didn't spend quid on for this, why do we never learn disappointment year after year, if this was a rel…
Having so much fun with this new team on . Since getting Walcott Mane has scored goals in games on Div R…
someone make me a team for k ish (ps4) got robertson untradeable too but not arsed if he’s in
days after full release, I’m already close to being done with . One day it feels slow, the next it feels…
Is there a way I can make players like Gnabry &amp; Sancho into CAMs?
"Our company is worth $8 billion dollars. Also we can't afford to have people work weekends during our peak gamepla…
Retweeting myself but the point stands. thoughts?
NEWCASTLE UNITED CAREER MODE!!!
Two games of and im bored shitless, Clowns Ultra D from kick off ruining what started off as the best fifa in a long time
New and exciting content everyday!
If i buy fifa cd ultimate edition, do all accounts get the packs?
An account to fight with the community being a "community manager" and not to support and do your work, this is the…
You guys asking for content on fifa are stupid, we have been getting daily objectives every day, give it a break ffs.
Playing the victim doesn't fix anything
Thoughts on my team?
So far, giving FIFA a miss this year seems like the best decision yet. &amp; EA are a shambles
The people who are bored of are the people who buy Fifa points. For all the games many, many faults the slo…
Some nasty ball handling from Vinicius
Fifa - Episode - The battle of Fifa has just gone live on youtube. Enjoy. …
that whole concept looks amazing
A company the size of and as rich as should surely have one department per game mode. Fix all games m…
FIFA was PlayStation Store&amp; most downloaded game in September 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Hearing alot of issues with so it's not just Mobile this season. What the hell is going on. Did I miss th…
.Passing is horrific .Dribbling with players like Rashford and Hazard too slow, can probs turn quicker with a doub…
Season is coming soon! So catchup and watch episode of the ! Can we possibly get…
‘Skip the replays’
The devs are losing it boys. This is going the wrong way.. I am afraid this is going to be a long yea…
You should not be toxic or threaten any of the EA community or dev guys. But this excuse that they don't work the w…
Welcome Baby Henry
A tweet thread and all he has spoken about is himself Of course we are frustrated we have all spent a…
Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team ️
Can’t support these guys anymore, the person didn’t spam Corey, he asked a simple question because they barely answ…
Finally done. hoping for a new content for season objectives tomorrow 🤞
When ur mate lee smith sends u this and u laugh like fuck as hes had more shots on goal than man u have this season…
Here is the problem with fifa We are a few week in to the game and there’s zero reason to turn the game on. exce…
Another day with no new content for FUT. really mailing it this year
messi is the best player in the game rn just used him in draft goals in mins
Yet you have EA in your tag.. in your name If it's a personal account, leave put that information. If y…
Coming soon in improved responsiveness in game " a research paper " by EA
WE ARE LIVE!! Let’s push to finally hit Division !! We finally have a team we are comfortable with so let’s grind…
Lack of content really is killing this game
TOTW4 predictions by are live on our blog. Feat. 🇦🇷 Dybala 🇲🇽 Carlos Vela 🇧🇷 David Luiz Check…
How much of a joke is and Its half time, im -0 up and I check a message and the shit game…
What a load of self serving those tweets were It is YOUR job to Communicate with the player base , thh MAIN focus…
Well if it’s a personal account, maybe don’t have in your or in your name or your fifa are as your p…
RIVALS AND DRAFT WITH A MILLION COIN TEAM !! Come joinn …
Content is so bad I'm even starting to miss "the journey" zzzzźzzzzzzzzz
When are and that melt going to realise that and is not a good…
SCORE UPDATE Spurs carry on their inspired form with another fantastic win on the board against wolves! Son bag…
Folks, here's a big thread about content, responsiveness, toxicity, and more.
I kinda like the pace of SBC/content on . I play way less FIFA atm then I did before, as I got other stuff t…
Buy your online and any of our showrooms at GH¢419 and get free delivery within Accra and Tema. …
A realistic football simulation... apparently
How to score free kicks this year! Complteted it
Fr tho theres more content on than there is on lmao
Fifa stream on
Playing Ultimate Team
How Rivals work. You finish the day with less Skill Rating than what you actually started with. Its going to be a l…
This is actually all I’ve wanted, however it’s not great that this sounds like they don’t know what the problem is…
You think people are pissed off now with the lack of content on just wait untill drop guarant…
LMAO fucking joke
Does someone have a spare fifa20 key around (Xbox one)
Is it just me who calls Volta Fifa street
Fifa - Skill Games (Ground Pass A Rank)
feels so empty... Probably the only game that makes me so ‘monotone’ when I win, lose or draw... …
Dunno why but reminds me of 🤔
Winning all my games by -0. My opponents press button on their magic controller (Team Press), and they become th…
WE ARE LIVE!!! PRO CLUBS!!!
days since receiving but I'm yet to play it more than once. And here we have wi…
FLASHBACK THEO WALCOTT SBC REVIEW - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM link: …
More than ,600 players may have been affected by a during sign-ups for the Gl…
Volta football. What an addition to the game
Said it from the start, best to just wait and see there’s too much hope then it gets dashed just take it week by we…
From losing every game to going back to back to back to back -0 in draft
How can a company be this out of touch with its community/consumers
Who loves
The content and gameplay is shocking...bored already. hang on I've got hours left to do the kit sbc 🤯🤯
content...
NEW VIDEO!!! New Wolves Career Mode video just went live!!!
About as much fun as you can have on the Compaion App right now
Soccer : Houston Dynamo send off US legend Beasley with win; four unbeaten in Europe&amp; ... 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿…
FIFA best women players: Rapinoe, Renard &amp;amp; the highest-rated players on the game 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Top highest rated Colchester players on FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
It's mad how bored we all are already on that we are anticipating and waiting for content at pm every day…
Keep in mind
Need to try boost the rating up but apart from that I’m enjoy my team
Any Ideas where I should be looking to improve this squad ? and where should I start first ? …
The moans and groans on here about are getting pretty boring to be honest. I’m really enjoying the game, an…
This is my problem with the FIFA community and thread: - Community hypes themselves way too much - w…
Objectives op 🤷‍️
Best disappearing act of It’s magic!
Stream is Live!!! Chilling with some fifa20 div Rivals games, come chill with me
This is part of the problem, he continues to try and hype the game for his own content and doesn’t dare slate EA fo…
LIVE Today im doing letting viewers pick my draft this could go horribly wrong haha anyway come…
The 'content' you given us is unbelievable bad. What are you doing! Is it so hard to release some SBCs?…
Not only is the most boring and worst of all the FIFAs. But the content is nonexistent. If the rumor is tru…
is the most broken game I've ever seen!
Ea replying to all the hate they get for not realising new sbcs at ...
I really feel like need to speak up about their game this year. We want answers
The State of Career Mode ️ ,000,000 broken features Ultimate Team ️ Unresponsive gameplay, Not enough…
How the fuck have EA managed to kill already barely weeks in wtf is going on at that company my God…
I'm honestly drowning in content
The fact that you can still find drug lord Pablo Escobar in Career Mode Youth Academy after s…
No SBC’s on Fifa yet again. The content so far is dreadful.
Big shouts and our partner for bringing the vibes, cool giveaways and most importantly the…
Really don't know how you manage to make a game feel as dead as possible within not even a month of its lifespan?
is dead
EA dont drop content on ? We do! Another Superstar is to be added to our Roster! The Scotish Supernova, the…
What’s the points for elite this week (PS4)? Can somebody help me out and tell me. Would appreciate it.
Fifa is already dead, in October.. And all to blame on . Last I buy if nothing changes.
Ea Headquarters at pm when their's no sbc's to be seen...
Where are the SBC's?? two weeks in and the content has been absolutely shocking.
Do EA just try and kill Fifa a month earlier each year? The game reeks atm shocking gameplay button delay and lack of content
Nerfing AI DEF has caused a huge issue with AI attacking regarding runs, positional sense &amp; awareness in receiving…
Can't remember a game, where active content is important for its profitability, be this nonchalant about providing…
GIVEAWAY TIME FOLLOW &amp; RETWEET for entry for a chance to get this DEAD STOCK Michael Owen legends card! GOODL…
CONTENT 0.2019 +++NOTHING+++ Emoji-Rating:
K FIFA Point Account With K Coins For Sale. . Also selling m Fifa coins PS4
Who has eerienced the glitch where your players just lose all ability to do skills??
Kit and squad announcements later tonight as we prepare for our qualifying campaign
Since is dead, are you excited for news in couple weeks?
Just logged onto to see that once again there is no pm content is this for real?
USING A FULL *NON RARE* TEAM IN FUT CHAMPIONS... | FIFA20 ULTIMATE TEAM
NEW attacking tutorial ▶️
Neues Video!🤫 u.a Elite Squad Battles Rewards! ️
Loads of content again 🤷‍️.... way to keep the game fresh ... feels like the end of the game cycl…
Y’all really suck at your job, ,5 week since the official release of FIFA and the game is already dead and the…
NO SBC’s AGAIN! Need to make some coins before the WL? Message us.
At this point you honestly have to start to wonder if there are serious internal issues at EA resulting in the lack…
Ea content
Hey , you earn nearly billion $ with FUT, but since years you can’t fix your on…
I can't believe there's no content today 🤦‍️ In all seriousness, and without meaning to be ignorant, how difficult…
Is ea eecting the season objectives to be enough to keep us occupied? The rewards for completing the season won’t…
As a club we are extatic to announce that ZINEDINE ZIDANE! Will be in charge for week
This summer we said "FIFA19 content has been amazing. If has even better gameplay it'll be awesome" Then…
WTF are EA doing? ZERO content, again... this game is gonna die before the month is done lads...
Division Rivals and Packs oh my!! Come through!! …
Wow... no content again for ????? I thought bo4 went downhill fast but this is a new level
No content again... EA your money grabbing thugs.
Guys there’s never content on a Sun.....Tuesday..
Only 's kids remember SBC
That really gets payed for doing literally fuck all. They’ve killed the game before half the players even have it 🤣
Nothing. Absolutely fucking nothing yet again. Game is a joke
Seriously NOTHING AGAIN
Which is your favourite? ️ PES or FIFA …
No SBC’s, didn’t eect anything but yet again nothing new..
Content
Wasn't there a Walcott SBC yesterday? 🤔
Erm... Care to elain?
Wow. It's crazy that there hasn't been much action other than packs and one off SBCs since release
Me: ahh it's pm, let's see what EA drop. EA: Me: OK then.
Loving the content
Thanks for the great content again dudes! What do we play this game for?
Imagine already killed and it's not even been a month 🤦‍️
No content again
With Bastian Schweinsteiger announcing his retirement from football, Will we see him receive an End Of Era card in…
Still no content for days. Fifa is officially dead weeks in🤢
THE BEST UNDER K LA LIGA SQUAD IN FIFA !! Please check this video out and leave a like ️
I’m sorry but has anyone scored from a corner this year? It just feels impossible
Here's my prediction for what kind of content we might see today! Worked really hard on it so likes and rts appreci…
Dead
more for week
Ok good banter where’s the SBC tonight then?
Premieres at :30pm boys
. Absolutely nothing AGAIN?
Again no content?
Fifa Career Mode Leeds United Ep2 More new transfers via
Video rendered and uploaded! Roll on pm with the start of my Fifa Career Mode!!
USING A FULL *NON RARE* TEAM IN FUT CHAMPIONS... | FIFA20 ULTIMATE TEAM
Nothing again, they might aswell get rid of sbc’s, they can’t be bothered less than weeks into the new game
. Champ 🆚 Champ faces in a Mystery Ball Match!
Early this morning
Record Breaker Carlos Vela? 🤔 The Mexican 🇲🇽 has smashed through an MLS Record scoring goals in a regular seaso…
I'm making a video today. Will hopefully be done by tonight, but I'm not sure. It takes some time probably.
Maaaaaan all y’all talkin jibberish don’t act like I’m not schooling you niggaz on get online n add me stop…
LIVE!! Doing a short stream, playing some grinding Rivals, come chill!! Link is in my bio!!
Now this is something I can get behind! If no league sbc’s, then this has got to happen!
has been so bad since the latest patch.. the gameplay was fine before, should focus on fixing…
Just went live! JOIN THE PARTY! …
SBC flashback ! Parfait !
Is worth buying?
W, D, L and they put me in Div. . Lmao right. Okay. 🤙
What I say to myself after losing in a row on Fifa
How the fuck do you play TOTW on Fifa for the challenge
Are we going to get anything in minutes?
DreamHack cooperation around Dutch EA SPORT FIFA League eDivisie - GamingLyfe Network
Someone list Eusebio for less than m!!!
come join the stream!!
THIS IS NEEDED!!
EA leaks personal data of ,600 FIFA players
-4-2 (2) is so fucking fit, holy shit
This is by FARRRRR, the worst fifa to date. The patch has KILLED this game. Fuck
Lovely counter attack
Please let there be some good SBC content at pm. 🤞
Finally got Fifa time to get truly defeated on Ultimate Team again
I think EA or Microsoft should create a rule either on the console or in game that players using wired connection c…
Minor upgrades for a couple of Liverpool prospects in Kelleher and Jones. Both impressed in recent …
GlassBack Who? Mee Jr Is the Of Headers This Year!
What’s everyone’s record? So far today on rivals I have drawn won and had people quit on me
Wasnt gonna do this sbc but stats are too good for this current fifa
EA please do something against players who have played down (division)! Same or slightly…
Insane Volley Rate this goal from -10
Kicking it if the internet doesn’t crap out on me! …
trading method guides here --&gt;
Coman looks really good! Huuge upgrade for French squads!
Which leagues should be added to ? Here is the weekly report: - Finland - US…
Nees some decent content finished season objectives already
Still can’t believe this beast played at 🤩 But can you name him?🤔
Mum... I've made it You'll see my freekick at the end of the article... textbook example…
The very first Weekend League is in the books. , , and…
Well I pulled the trigger
⃣days before comes to Moraine Valley and you can compete to be the best Winner Earns Automatic entry in…
SO THEN LADS BIG ASS DERBY FOR THE FINAL OF THE CARABAO CUP THEN!? LETS BE HAVING YOUUU!
How do you defend on ? Whole defence just splits for a through ball and every tackle is a foul
If you missed it last night pulled off a no scope on
I'm struggling with the company GOLD WEEK season objectives, TOWER OF POWE…
Any hope to have rivals rank points? i trust more you than an ea update
Thank Christ is out soon... Can’t be playing for longer than I have too
Bristol! You think you're good at ? ️ Come and prove it this Friday from PM to make it on our team to…
I am actually loving
I’m live now playing - come chill
LOVE YOU GUYSSSSSS!!!!
Walcott Flashback worth doing ) k well spent i think.
It's tough enough completing Gold - Week Objectives in Rivals as is, but it's even more frustrating when you acco…
Finally starting to go in the right direction.
Good to see the “ connection glitch “ still hasn’t been fixed . The game is awful and full of hacks/c…
It seems have added Jedi reflexes to their AI players for Can anyone thread a pass?
[] - [] ,600 FIFA POINTS GIVEAWAY! Console of your choice. - Follow - Follow …
k Premier League Squad Builder for is up on the channel! Some beast players in the team like Ake and Var…
Finally hit my first million
Fifa feels like a chess match this year bring back pace abusing
Friendly action tonight! PM Vs Academy 0 Vs Some tough oppents you can watch it…
After mins of sniping, I wanted to get him k cheaper Kappa …
Latest episode of Poor Chuff's Road To Elite now live on YT... ⭐️ELITE SB REWARDS | POOR CHUFF'S ROAD TO ELITE …
I think I have played about games on and not scored a goal now
Your guy has just come on Live on Stream at tune in for some fun banter, or just sit grab s…
Irish Mick to start streaming videos?
I’ve been critical of for the issues in the game this year. But Jesus Christ these card designs are …
Back in when coming up against this guy on Ultimate Team was the biggest worry in life
when your opponent on uses drop back...
FIFA Download PC
Montgomery open from pm tonight
Thanks for the FIFA Fanvybe, the hard work will continue
Who would you like in your pick on Thursday?
Volta Family just got Taller!
BRONZE STRIKER IN FUTCHAMPS! // ULTIMATE TEAM - PROJECT ARSENAL ... via
Try out shortfuts premium for days free of charge with the new free trial option! Available from within the exten…
just got verified in the first weekend league -2 What was your final resul…
Only reason why content creators dont wanna say that is already dead and impossible to save from this point…
k-200k team surrounding these players any formation
Made a few changes to my squad and this how it looks. Sold Matthaus for k, bought him for k. Brought in Hazar…
More than ,600 players may have been affected by a during sign-ups for the Gl…
DocNicklePickle is going live! YouTube: Twitch: FB page:…
i prefer not to speak
Anybody who tells you that nothing is impossible obviously hasn’t tried defending on .
Make it happen!!!!
Sliiiightly risky invest, but I think Sterling will climb when the Walcott SBC finishes, he’s never been this low,…
And to think originally asked for on Switch for my Birthday! So pleased I read reviews about…
In my great and unmatched wisdom, I will say only that 'FLYPAPER FOR FREAKS' IS GREAT! (and FREE on KU!)…
. We've bigger problems but can we have a dark mode for the menus please?
Really dislike the new penalties on
Affiliates can now run ads what? LMAOO Squad battle ELITE GRIND …
Depay
Here's how we have down Hazard vs. Granada: • goal • assist Will it be enough for him to get an upg…
All making coins together!!! Great to help people build up their coins!! ⭐️
When does marquee matchups SBC come out???
Anyone looking for a cheap Xbox One code for standard edition, I have one for sale via this link! Around £2…
GRINDING NIGHT YO
Can someone tell me what is manual defending and how many times I need to tackle Vardy here? …
WE ARE LIVE! -Rating your squads -Division Rivals Grind PM Content? …
Guys, see you tnight PM (CET)
Being a student is f*cked up, Paying the bills already paying off the debt, And saving for Fifa See you in three…
Check out the latest video
AMIENS SC er MATCH A DOMICILE FACE A LILLE DUR …
League Objective (concept) - a new replacement for League SBCs, would you guys prefer this?
Yep. Because every other game before it has had issues online - both PES &amp; FIFA. Metacritic USER ratings year-on-y…
Roncaglia up over coins. Great profit. Double your money Making coins on a low budget. Remember to like a…
Off work early International mail FGR match Could today possibly get any better? (Correct answer is yes, wit…
v6.13.4 includes a small bug fix that allows you to min list any card (instead of just bronzes).
LIVE! We out here.
is better than and has so much potential. But EA shows again that they only care about money. No content…
Name a better feeling I dare you than beating your mates at fifa that have been talking shite before it was out
This will probably be a quick Road to glory LIVESTREAM but we’re going to be opening the packs and then doing a se…
Fake shots in this mode are so good, often allow you to get in narrow spaces like this one! My main cut right throu…
Looking forward to go live tonight boys streams have been awesome recently, time to put some work in on the RTG acc…
squad battles on legendary: Interception simulator !
How would you finish this team with m? Need a striker and a CAM?
️ UPDATE TICKETING POST-RESERVATION ️ Pro: Soldout : Soldout : Soldout…
Love the card design! Everyone hating because of the price?
Doing my first live episode of the -1million coins series! comes help me out!
Tell you what this game is gonna end up killing me
Have you eerienced the Volta World on ? How awesome is it? Let us know in the comments below! …
Holy fuck the realism mode is awesome. There are a couple of things that we'll still use the live editor for, like…
GO LIVE !
My transfermarket on the web app/ companion app is still locked. Played over matches, it’s getting ridiculous.…
Come on Fifa has been out for weeks and yet career mode is still broken, stop focusing…
Is Fati already available in
This thread? Best idea ever, would make the game so worth!! Please
Went balls deep into this guy. x Ivanildo Fernandes bought - k spent Looking for at least k+, will sell t…
Future Icon Schweinsteiger? Not a very good edit because I’m rushing but I will take more time for next edits…
Flashback Walcott Review:
EOAE Schweinsteiger set to be released at , alongside an upgrade sbc
Team or Team , would need to get lucky in rewards thursday to afford the nd.
Straightup on this new …
has gotten impossibly hard now...getting belted -1 every game. 🤔 after years I think this might be my last one sadly
I’m scrapping my Icons, I’m getting smoked viciously in Division rivals. Fifa Points FC - Talent
LIVE DIVISION RIVALS ! live at
st Career Mode of .
He looks good in that kit! Don't care about the cost I was always going to complete this SBC!
I think a major reason why people are struggling with formations so much in is the constant switch up of op…
Total on - got to grips with it - love it team is building
Our first episode of our Manager series!
ST POINTS DROPPED! // - MY PLAYER / via
So many people have invested in IF's this year so the 's are still -14k and how content is going this year I do…
Any of you lads managed to get your girl to buy you fifa , need tips x
UPCOMING WONDER KID • Eduardo Camavinga Will be added to via Squad Update after /11/19…
I'm now streaming on Twitch! Playing FIFA Pro Clubs …
Could we see a flashback or end of an era of German legend ? 🤔 Would you have him in your…
Austrian in FIFA20 /3 Georg Margreitter is the first Austrian player to appear in the with…
This is so depressing. So many issues.
Well... I am done for this year
G episode is live now fellas, check out me getting OTW Ndombele here:
Finally got FIFA whoop looking forward to trying it out ️
Bale Review!
Blue cards are in the market.
The best name on ️🤣 . . . . . FI…
If you're new to Fifa and you're just looking for a game to kick back and relax for a bit you're gonna have a bad time...
's ultimate team packs are in this artlcle. You know, a game that's supposed to be…
When your playing a game does anyone else’s crowd cheers keep cutting out??
Hello
TOO MANY CHEAP GOALS CONCEDED! (MK DONS CAREER) | FIFA (XBOX ONE) | | via …
Easy coins
Can anyone actually score a header on FIFA?
ULTIMATE ROAD TO GLORY!!! WAS THIS THE RIGHT CHOICE?!?!
Only days left until we embark on another season of . The take to the battlef…
Tonight's matchfinders are now open until pm for the following: | PS4 | All v2 |…
Anyone got a team who needs players, or would be interested in playing if I set one up?
Do not really care about FIFA20 unless this guy is engaged in it Missed you! …
The club would like to announce that our new home for week one is the HOME of English football than…
Lately having some thoughts about switching my camera angle in .. interested in your opinions! What angle,…
I’m handin L’s out left and right
Will be going live at :30pm for today’s stream! Toiling away down in div but hopefully we make the adjustments t…
ANNOUNCING THE th FC keep close and follow for updates from your new football obsession
Considering to refund at this point...
Sunday buys sold yesterday and this morning! Around k profit if the listing i still have sell at that…
One of the biggest tournaments in is coming back for /20! What to eect from the second season of the…
We too are recruiting for Arena Clash! Be here on Friday night at pm to get involved! This is your last ch…
Just packed firminooo!!! LETS GOO!!
Can’t wait to grind some games later with this team and some trading, maybe hit k
Fifa TOTW predictions: the players in the running for this week&amp; FUT Team of the Week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Career Mode: The new way forward? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Deadly strikes, bullet headers and a Set-Piece masterclass... Dragback FC’s goals of the week!
First game on.. I think he broke something lmaooo
are you excited? …
End of an Era Bastian Schweinsteiger ? OFFICIAL: Bastian Schweinsteiger has confirmed he will retire from football…
PLEASE!!!
I can't understand this game! So frustrating!! -My players dont move at all if im not in control, they ju…
Been trying someone else's custom tactics in between coaching sessions - really impressed by how uses this…
Should i sell firmino and do the flashback walcott sbc is he worth getting ?
How to make your Virtual pro look like Kyle Walker in FIFA Pro Clubs
New Player review by - Firmino VS Lacazette!!
How Brewster fits himself into Liverpool's line-up on FIFA
Yoh I need to get The way I was punishing gents
is shit
Bruh .. really !!?
This guy has been my favourite player so far, quick, agile, got the skills to pay the bills and grabs me a fair chu…
Why is it an option for an opponent to pause during a free kick?
FIFA Career Mode Cardiff City FC - Its Under Way - Part
More than ,600 players may have been affected by a during sign-ups for the Gl…
Please , I’m the perfect coach for your team! Look at my last results in the English League Two with…
Still don’t know who to go for help me out🤣
has been removed ? Can’t find him on transfer market ?
LIVE:
It’s Tuesday! That means my TOTW predictions! Here are three players I believe deserve to get an inform tomorrow.…
FIFA Download PC
really needs to take into context the score and match stats of a defeat in Div Rivals. Losing close games …
I love the new card Design ea!!
I AM LIVE! After months away, the degree is finished, and I am live playing some ! Come and drop in, and…
I have been grinding on that fifa fut rivals already division come watch when I’m streaming so don’t forget…
Seeing the Pro Players for set-up their teams with the new squad restrictions is already % more exciting…
Can't score for shit on haven't won a game of rivals in and relegated from div too ... am in the only…
Lewandowski upgrade?
I have seen it all.....
RECOMPENSAS SQUAD BATTLES + RIVALS +100K
Wow why is so damn shit this year? 🤣 please fuck right off.
Beautiful, just beautiful. …
Four simple steps to free-kick perfection! ️ Just another way to make your opponent rage quit
GAMERS This Friday Fifa Qualifiers round is here for this season's and we're scouting for t…
I played games on stream yesterday, all were the exact same %+ possession trying to break through men and be…
Trading in an upward trending market is so satisfying Makes trading easier because you can buy and list for high…
*Just Launched* Brand new Trading Guide! If you want to make between -50K an hour our guide will help you…
Thanks to Pickfordgate last night, and no thanks to EA's crummy servers, I am now approaching the million TP mark,…
Guys this is the first time i have gameplay on my channel! Pls show some support …
Yashin 🇷🇺 Hold time - two hours Profit - k M
Finally releasing a Full back, Kyle Walker, first of many. Preview here, upload coming soon …
How the fuck do I defend on I can’t defend conceding or easily every ga…
My transfermarket on the web app/ companion app is still locked. Played over matches, it’s getting ridiculous.…
Did someone say Tourney Tuesday?
Bullshit how you don’t know how many rivals points needed to keep your rank in rank
Speechless 🤐
Thought I have some time let me play some fifa. Then this happens.
***Competition Time*** To be in with a chance to win this Fifa cover card signed by the entire squad, comment b…
anyone saying &gt; send me the code im on PS4
Must be fed up of playing CB
I want to create my first design in what do you want to see?
Week without
Musa 🤷‍️ This is a Potential Ligue POTM Card. ⭐️ WF ⭐️ Skills ”1 High/High Everything you…
I’ve never used for in any just realised I’ve been missing out! He’s insane, can lit…
Representating Boksburg competition
! Sort it out
STREAMING PRO CLUBS
Just a heads up to everyone out there. Nobody on twitter cares about your ultimate team and who you should buy. Thanks.
My controller everytime I play fut Champs while squeezing the hell out of it
I get it’s not great defending I accept that but what I don’t accept is my own keeper taking out my own def…
FIFA Career Mode: Best young goalkeepers (GKs) to sign - Donnarumma, Kepa &amp; more - RealSport101
So, I've played up to January th (Season ) in my off-camera career mode and this is what the Premie…
Custom Edition de
I'm live now on ! Come watch me get murdered in Division Rivals! We talk about new additions…
So Fifa has had a few game ending bits fixed apparently. Lineups still an iss…
Mind blowing to discover that and probably only watch a video made by the publisher and t…
I own of the rarest cards on FIFA !
Yaani is out na ata bado sijacheza What has become of me
Real Madrid full player ratings for FIFA | Squawka
As I’ve mentioned before I am the furthest thing from a trading guru. However, here is my first big(ish) flip of…
Would love to know what you guys are getting into during all the free time LUL
[66/80] SUBPOINTS - Farmando packs para quinta-feira! [!instantgaming] [!betpt] [!loots]
Hopefully EA fixes career mode by the Playstation 's launch
So, Who have you voted for?
LOW BUDGET TRADING Catering to all here is a low budget investment: Picking up some Roncaglia at /450 on bid -…
Anyone know how many Divison Rivals points I’ll need for Rank in Division ?
My first draft and i get Navas in madrid
Oh go on then I will have this player worth k+ just for doing part of the national pride and you cheeky…
New Rangers star Mika Zibanejad&amp; teammates aren&amp;;t surprised by his red-hot start 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Massively EA Games Appear on the Charitable Humble Store 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Sony Confirmed the PlayStation Will Officially Drop for Christmas 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Oh First player career I lose my ⭐ skill ability cos I gained a skill attribute now NUFC are in Europa Lea…
Just doing my Sunderland career if you fancy joining live at
Im in need of some big coin, hmu someone
Fifa Coffee in the am stream Neymar grind!Show Big support ! Song request on ! Bring positi…
So my gang! Thoughts on this squad? Need another k to complete, or ish if I was to get Alisson instea…
The 'Bronze Pack Method' is a simple way to generate coins! Here's our guide --&gt;
any fifa players able to help me understand this bullshit? is the ga…
Sorry bro. I'm much better.
Goal line technology is really good on
It’s happening. My long delayed return to Twitch streaming is happening at :30pm (BST) today! Gonna be playing som…
first thoughts on PS4 PRO: Menus in are so much faster than my old years old ps4. I guess if menus are f…
PS5 going to be here before the next Career Mode patch....
GRANDSTAND IS BACK Check out the return of Grandstand on its st Birthday Featurin…
Just won my first game on since the game has been out
is taking on in this afternoon in an video feature in our new Dugout…
YES! MY BEST SBC PACK EVER! Ultimate Team Road To Glory via
We know you have all been waiting for this, and I present to you our team of the week prediction for w…
We're giving away a badged copy of Season Ticket Holders and Club Members can enter for fre…
Chemistry Styles guide: how to make the most of them in Ultimate Team There are over Chemistry Styles…
Welcome to my official FIFA Edits account. Follow me also on Instagram. . All spam is apreciated.…
Which team shall I build? Help!
Same opinion on
yooo guys can you let me know what's the minimum pts for rank promotion IN DIVISION (I just joined , so I'm st…
When you press circle to try and tackle but turns into a wonder goal.
This fucking game
Another Sniping filter which is working great, all are quite in the same price range. …
So I was winning -2 th min get kicked of ea servers says my match is being investigated wtf then locks me of the servers
New Season Loaded!!!
just doing fifa things again, ffs what's the point in trying with this game
The Metacritic user score of is a sight of beauty.
Let’s go draft ? Live in min !!! …
I think this could really be a fantastic card for the /2013 season
That's that bullshit right there.
Where’s the fake shot guys?
LIVE w/ Playing as Manchester United in this new Career Mode! …
So.. has been out what weeks now? was on trending and loads of gamers unhappy with the cur…
Another one for you all, in what do you feel is the most effective form of winning the ball back? Do you p…
Coming and join my live streaming
Man goal keeping has really improved for I can't believe EA can make something so realistic…
leak compromises ,600 players’ data – has breached ? For advice:
YASS!!!!! Think someone just scored a goal!!!
Allways remember to
BMT. is shit.
People out here stealing my thumbnails..... I doubled this persons views and they have k Subs I have …
While waiting for to play ut, and here’s what I got in packs without donation
leak compromises ,600 players’ data – has breached ?
leak compromises ,600 players’ data – has breached ?
I love how I couldn't get out of Division with my rated Bundesliga sweaty pace team, but have made it into Div…
Waiting For To Buy
I've got a new team, but my sancho isn't selling, can anyone on buy him for me now.
leak compromises ,600 players’ data – has breached ?
FIFA Download PC
FIFA Download PC
Bug gardien !!!
leak compromises ,600 players’ data – has breached ?
FIFA Volta Story Walkthrough in Hindi! Part - World Street Championship Watch: Lik…
We made it boys! First break through to the T100 all time Xbox leaderboard. Before everyone from PS comes running…
Same crap game, same crap servers, same in game rubbish, same con as previous years.
I got k to spend, i want this to be my backline but i just dont have a clue how to move on from here someone ple…
Is the Walcott SBC worth it?
Zlatan coming to unveil statue in min …
played since the beginning of ultimate team and this is the first time I’ve packed someone decent, probably…
Do you want to be a Rich Premier player? Follow this guide then... LINK: ________…
Join along
Going to be streaming some more FUT on Fifa this week. Been loving the game so far. The first stream of the week…
Don’t make it easy for me
I think it's about time was a seperate game with it's own dev team...
Online la review di !
The things I would do for this card …
UK Deals: Preorder All-new Amazon Fire HD Tablet for under £150, Luigi's Mansion Switch for £39.85 - IG…
Can everyone just stfu about and just enjoy the good things about ? Stop being a bunch of little bitches about it smh...
EA Sports confirms FIFA data leak Learn more here:
Who never feels good about there team in FIFA and always looking to make adjustments? This guy. Lol. Still tweakin…
Yeahhhh Sony confirma PlayStation para final de
I'M LIVE! |
Anyone else still unable to connect to the EA servers?
And we go again today! Decent hours of Squad Battle rewards + Daily Flipping! Just over K profit! …
Tomorrow night we get our on with the crew. We'll be hosting some Pro Clubs and then if th…
hi can't log into fifa companion yet all details are correct. I hat can I do
Fifa Heads, I Need Some Help. How Long Should A Career Mode Episode Be?
DATE: Wednesday, th October TIME: pm SAST WHAT: HOSTS: &amp; STREAM:…
Having multiple players that can finish in this mode is amazing. Having both my main and marcelinho on the same tea…
Some people just can’t handle getting passed of the park
Back live for hour!
Would be completely open to another patch Feel like EA eliminated the contain button with the new patch,…
Imagine......
Why do I keep smashing people and lose to some bullshit fifa nonsense he weren't even a good player and not first t…
Starting to get a lot of rage quitters, -0!up I’ll take it
Right, I'm at work so bare with me. Going forward I will try to release a graphic on twitter that aims to help wit…
Follow on Katana__renew streamer
things i like to fix one v ones with gk hit the post or keeper saves it never happen in real live wit…
I'm starting LIVE on !
So it turns out I've been playing on the default camera setting this whole time!! Tele broadcast is so much better 🤦‍️
My wide formation fifa
WOW!! weeks since release and still no patc…
FIFA Download PC
OK so console news. You have on Xbox and PS4. Then you have on Xbox and PS4. Then at Christmas …
Another glitch : RW starting by the Corner flag of own half at time of kickoff
Now! Prize: st - PS4, nd - Sega Mini, rd - FUT Points …
Whenever I go -0 down to a bullshit penalty in the first minutes
CONFIRMATION... That Career Mode will not be Fixed any time soon!!! Might as well just play it...…
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Question for anyone who plays Do you get disconnected off the servers if you sit in the menus for too long?
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Just a preview watch on my YouTube ayokid2306 Back like cooked crack ayokid2306 …
Any pro clubs teams I can join to start off at Rating:81 Position: CAM/RCM Time free most nights at any time
So I think I’ve figured out the online friendlies bug
Been Low Budget Trading All Morning Trade Pile Full + Sold Over Night. Went To Record The Trade Pile.. Presses L…
Free-kicks in FIFA ? There's a -second tutorial on how to master them - GIVEMESPORT
FIFA holds off Ghost Recon Breakpoint in UK chart - Video Games Chronicle
Can we get some kind of concept that allows to you to +1* SM but give *WF or something along these lines, not to…
The 'Ones To Watch' promo may be over, but you can use OTW cards to make coins all year. Our guide --&gt;
Thank you to everyone for helping me reach subscribers on YouTube! Episode of the FIFA Road to Glory (PMR…
Who’s everyone going for?
Why are all my CB getting completely out physical by Messi and manual tackles are ineffective?
Turtle Elite Atlas Aero review: &amp;quot;You&amp;;ll gain an instant advantage when playing anything ... …
How is Kaká at guessing Hazard, Ramos and Benzema&amp; FIFA ratings? 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
How Brewster fits himself into Liverpool&amp; line-up on FIFA 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Gold-Up
Pace is the most important thing
will be Boksburg for the tournament and the gang see you soon
Guys I we gained over followers over night. Crazy! When I’m back from work and on the game il sit down and run…
Amazing Chip shot, lobbed from Sokratis to Gelson Martins and chipped the keeper
FIFA Download PC
Decided to pick up lacazette not to shabby at all
Working my way up through the divisions now, last one to go. Feel like we are finding the playstyle, will be more o…
This is REALLY REALLY IMPORTANT. Sometimes we get bogged down in whether a card is good value and if it has links,…
Can you drop an Joe Gomez on the Season Objectives please
Anyone looking to buy any coins? Cheapest around and on both PS4 and XB1!
Do you feel like you're getting yourself fucked every year by ?
Why did the penalties and free kicks have to change in
IS BROKENNNNNNNN
Top picks? Mine are Wrighty, Pirlo, Butra...GO!
My wall when I fuck my controller at it during games
Are the EA Severs down again?
Win a copy of whilst watching ! You can't argue with that 🤷‍️ Enter our giveaway here ⬇️
EA: Score a goal from a corner for Community: This is too hard Eric Bailly: Iv got this Gaffer!!!
Really enjoying Volta at the moment! Here are a few nice finishes from me so far🤙 …
EARLY GAME IS OUT AGAIN. HURRY UP AND PURCHASE NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE TIME : :30 GMT /PM CALL ON +234701836692…
I'm LIVE...
Eredivisie and DreamHack enter cooperation around Dutch FIFA league eDivisie 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
FIFA Career Mode: Patch is definitely coming, but it won&amp;;t be this week 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Anyone else's gameplay Fucking horrific
How addictive it I’m obsessed with it!
Can’t score a v1 on this BS game. in the last game. Timed shot at the keeper, finesse same, low driven at the le…
Looking to upgrade that aging ? ...get a mid tier gaming PC ...If budget tight, Amazon UK now offers…
Every time I pack a Belgian + I think it’s the Romanian flag
Billy Gilmour , Scotland -&gt;84 Positions-CM, CAM Age-18
The structure FUT is built on and the whole sever system is the same one that it was + years ago In an industry t…
If this tweet can get over likes or retweets I will do a ,000 fifa point pack opening live on twitch or mixer…
Live with some rivals and draft! Come say hi
Changed formation and added Two Icons. Gonna see how they work for me
Simple, quick and profitable EA access trading method guides here --&gt;
Morning team &lt;3 Just uploaded a new RTG Episode
Thought he was a downgrade from AWB. But I was so wrong. Best RB I’ve used so far.
is more difficult than previous versions. I always play on pro but I've had to drop down as I can't tackle…
A great start to the season for . All boys reached verification, with Rick clutching a perfect…
Free k from objectives
-80 Rated Player Pick Op! S/O Come Chill &amp; Watch Some Drafts ️🤷‍️
Fifa is weeks old and already dead, no sbc’s to complete or grind for and no fun objectives to complete. Time for…
Between and may be the year I give up on football
The absolute disgrace from idiots like has caused Twitter to become the toxic place it is today for the…
The ea pr team after they’ve convinced us all to buy yet another shit game
welcome to the club
Got an offer to be coach of Venezuela Football team on manager mode on my condition was payment has be in G…
Here’re the nominees for the Ligue POTM award for September; who’re you voting for? 🇫🇷 Vote:…
EA go down, Apex Legends, FIFA , Battlefield V affected 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
The IG Dragon also earned Elite with wins! Having qualified for eligible events for ,…
GET INVOLVED!!!
️ FREE FIFA POINTS️ Click my page and view my pinned post at the top! Winner drawn at enteries or on the…
The first weekend league took place between Friday and Monday! All of our players competed. …
Hoping that this team will do bits for next weekend league, finished -11 last weekend hoping for good this time…
My latest network check: Mbps download, Mbps upload. Via Blazing speed yet not good enough for
at its finest
DreamHack cooperation around Dutch EA SPORT FIFA League eDivisie - Invision Game Community
PS4 Controller by : …
Liverpool slate Alan Shearer call not to include Sadio Mane in Premier League Team of the Week - Football, Ga…
all first owned! Pack luck has been crazy this year already I switch in game. Who would make this team…
Liverpool slate Alan Shearer call not to include Sadio Mane in Premier League Team of the Week
Icon flips, fast profit !
When you see Van Dijk, for the th time in a row, in the weekend league
Flashback boatong the cb one would be nice
This is why i hate FIFA. Man put his arm around my head and drag me drown before scoring …
RocoMamas Boksburg hosts the Smashball Series tonight. ⏰ h30: Check-ins | h30: Matches ️ Pre-bo…
GOOD MORNING!! Ok, I'm going live today after am. - Elite YouTube video uploaded. - recap. -Fanta…
WE ARE LIVE!! Continuing with a draft, squad battles &amp; rivals grind on the !!
I love easy shit. Even if they don't get - Visca peaked over k last night currently at . Bergwijn .…
Launch Key Info! ▶Deposits &amp; Withdrawals are now active with a current limit of k maximum to help you…
FIFA : Gfinity-owned RealSport101 announces FIFA content partnership with Hashtag United 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
We made Big signings bros ️ After Rewards, we will upgrade Courtois with Ter Stegen
A few flips recently 🤑
FIFA Ultimate Team: Die Predictions zum Team of the Week …
The of 00 's Global Series gamers, who register to take part in a competition, have bee…
INSANE and OP Squads for | k/50k/100k Squad Options! | |
What kind of eSport do you enjoy to watch the more ? …
Anyone know how to solve this on Companion App. Bought Promes but can’t empty transfer targets or add him to my clu…
FIFA : Gfinity-owned RealSport101 announces FIFA content partnership with Hashtag United - RealSport …
New video online on my YouTube channel : ◾◾◾Tags◾◾◾ …
ALANI to the world!! …
Flashback Theo Walcott el pasado y el presente sbc solved Walcott the best...
Streaming some rivals matches on as well as a few drafts etc! Also should I complete the Walcott card?…
LIVE NOW Playing tonight. Grinding as usual! |
Sold around hr ago. Now you can buy back if you are like me. This is good profit on investment.
So Ferland Mendys price range is now k but only going for ... will he go up when people realise?
Road to Division . ⭐️
We are LIVE on ! - Road to Div Rivals - RTG Div Rivals - Team WL Prep - Checking Your Squads…
My guys Ultimate team is Make sure you check him out via This dud…
relances, ventes ...
Can't hide how disappointed I am with this year, gameplay seems so unpredictable, one game it…
EAs official response when asked why FIFA is so broken
What do we think? Which team looks more appealing to you guys?
*concedes a goal on * One side of my brain: “Load of this this game, never playing again.” *Smashes control…
Why am i coming up against gods in my placement matches. I just started and there is a guy with otw ndombele and a…
Wrong is the new right advertising campaign. How much money did the heads of make…
Join in with us at our FREE activities this week and get signed up for our…
FIFA Download PC
FIFA TOTW comes out on Wednesday, so which players are eected to earn upgrades? | | …
FIFA : The five strikers you should buy in Ultimate Team to boost your FUT squad via…
Everyone drop their best pack underneath and I’ll rate them all /10 Here’s mine the pack went for about …
FIFA Flashback Theo Walcott Walkout Animation …
