OPENING REWARDS OF FOLLOWERS | FIFA
The promised is debt here you have what has touched me in FUT CHAMPIONS, the rest I do not raise because the best that I...
First match of the new City in League One
Fifa - Real Madrid vs RCD Mallorca | La Liga /20 via
The favorite squad 🦍 - - - - - - ...
EA Sports FIFA's analysis, the road to glory awaits you in the new installment of the acclaimed football game...
One gets to play for a little while and the fucking update shit they've put in is pitiful, the physical form of the...
Between :00 and :30, streaming in my channel of I need your help, because I will play p...
Not bad on the Fut Champions and Rivals Division rewards.
is coming ? ando
Wijnaldum red in gold rewards !
Fifa - Athletico Madrid vs Valencia via
Team of the Week Carrillo always informing to the minute!
To the first buyers we will give an extra % of free coins $ (argentine pesos) = k (15k if you are...
When your friend, who doesn't know how to play, has to finish the game 🤣
Carlos Vela Completed
All that's left
NEW VIDEO! FUTURE CHAMPIONS REWARDS. I WALK AWAY.
Silver , Thank you EA
Possible signings for third-place City
Elite
Lesgo
Hello, someone would tell me a good command to play pc, especially for ! I want you to...
FUT REWARDS ARE COMING FOR ALL OF YOU
Trying to reach rank in squad batlles
Well, we have the Setup ready to hit the ground! This afternoon, at :00, to sack for class...
My new PC Career mode Manchester City has suffered an administrative downturn to League One p...
Today is the day of the INTERNATIONAL match! ⬅ of the eSports will face the...
For those of you who like to play with Valencia CF players, go up to average. First IF of Valencia CF...
AVERAGE +90 IN THE RED IFS!!!!! RECOMPENSAS ORO FUT CHAMPIONS via
THE TIME HAS COME! REWARDS *FUT CHAMPIONS &amp; DIVISION RIVALS* WEEK
Let's see if anyone from fifa knows how to tell me. I need premier DC on ppio. I have a pukki but I want to change it. Recommends...
get de gea imo
What do you think of the FIFA commentators Manolo Lama and Paco Gonzalez? I'll change them, no doubt. That's a lot of...
Shortly live on opening FUT GOLD CHAMPIONS rewards
Good morning, today there are rewards of FUT gold3, and rivals!!!, to the one who can't the craving I open it from :30
Dilemma!
ANOTHER THURSDAY OF REWARDS IN! Second week of FUT Champions rewards. Besides, we can also re...
Not that I've had much luck in envelopes. But good coin to put it in mc revulsive, not bad. And with the...
Play with the best team! Take a console + from only, 90 in . And an exc...
FIFA rewards FUT CHAMPIONS TOP jajajajajajja
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
Seriously, are you laughing at me?
Goretzka of my life...
Thank you
And well people, this is the best thing that could be taken out of untransferable envelopes, hopefully to have better luck the proxi...
New acquisition...
You don't think it's an exaggeration for teams to make more points after the ?
Kids we're live!! Let's go for the rewards of the &amp; so pa...
Ligue POTM Design
Available the fourth FIFA patch that corrects the bugs in Career Mode, FUT and gameplay -...
Good semis of Copa del Rey
Guaaaaardiola
First match with Crespo and already scored a goal. Nice first impressions with him
I'm going to go to sleep I hope to wake up when they sound jajajaj ...
David Luiz emergency boarding school. Jamie Vardy deformed her waist.
Welcome Valdanito dear
So I play this FUT Champions in and I take it to CEX, I shouldn't have bought it knowing that EA didn't fix it...
Good morning/night to all! Today at :00 we will have a new chapter with our Fic...
My FIFA Volta squad
Toxic Community
We end up as a group ro 🆚 Krow MX -1 Goals ️: &amp; ll Sixela ll Assistencias 🤲: &amp; ll Sixela l...
-1 with k equipment
As much as I give it a chance, it's still bullshit.
FIFA Mark
FIFA Tournament, Saturday and Sunday in October. Just for fun, cheer up.
Don't miss the debut of 🇳🇱 on the one of !
And I don't know how they did it, but they managed to turn it into a boring, petty-friendly game. SOMETHING d...
To become a star! Volta
I wtf
Here playing for a while with the team of k
THANK YOU FOR THE TREMENDOUS DIRECT! Record number of people analyzing and rescuing AC Milan. Many new followers...
I was playing I had never touched a player greater than (rank) in the envelopes and if I got excited when...
I think after more games, I found my ideal formation for pd. The servers are fucked up.
I shit this part of it because you're adapting to the new and you're getting old gameplay pum.
a lot of fucking event and by the time they solve that shitty connection?
FIFA will be giving VOLTA COINS to those who join the game before October.
The one in the envelopes of .
WE'RE LIVE, FOLKS! COME ON, THERE ARE ENVELOPES!
Let's see how we're doing on this round of in.
Let's go for our rewards, we're live on
Tonight's line-up 🆚 Krow MX Twitch :
Today in the channel starts the "Club &amp; Country" of with the one of 🇳🇱. It's still...
Lucas FIFA
How am I supposed to make a good squad without putting fifa points and with little time to play?
This is Boke FC perritoo.
My first walker at 🤗🤗🤗
There are rivals with equipment but no hands
Debate of? ️ The advertisements of and? ️ talking about , ...
Let's go
FILE MARKET | With the last two incoporations, which we will announce soon. We declare the...
I am tempted to open them up and gather more
Scoring points for FUT Champions is very difficult this year.
for fifa content
I'll be on the air for a while. Come on in and make conversation.
Friends we invite you to our Kingdom Night lunada this time we will deliver battle passes of the...
Already live at El gran con
I hate you
I'm broadcasting on my
Run come and I'll tell you a secret of the new patch of
Thank you for I am very happy to have achieved this Roberto Carlos ...
It's embarrassing. New patches are released and the game is worse instead of better. Impresentable are
Let's go.
LIVE: Race Mode I Direct: We test the post-patch race mode and start...
Tournament |Jornada | -0 Another game of all the fre...
Guys! Here is a short list of some interesting investments during the rewards...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
It's good
Full of victories in tonight's training at Rivals. How was the connection? An image is worth more than a thousand p...
Tournament |Jornada | -1 Departure of all the team in front...
Don't say anything, just give it like.
Does anyone know what the fuck this is about? It's happened to me in Rivals already, once in futchamps... The only game...
Last night I went straight in and I got the truth and played a vs...
Are you ready for some interesting investments in FC and DR rewards?
We highly recommend that you make the SBC of CARLOS VELA because it is a revulsive of those who have a...
Same game different number.
Welcome Brazilian! ️️ SUBSCRIBE TO THE CHANNEL, FOR FREE
Already in the final stretch /12
Neres died for a goal
We started the preseason on the right foot! So our group after yesterday's games. …
If next month's twelve icon barter are similar to these, I see Drogba even at Squad Battles.
/10... It was the tipping point last year. (Friday what next would be this year) From here on all the prices...
But what a cracks moment... OnFire
There are very few hours left to collect the rewards of futchampions and rivals. Good luck to you...
N'golo says that the South American servers for him are fourth! Suck it!!!! Play more...
| We're looking for players in all positions. Schedules: :00 to :35 from Sunday to Thursday. -5-2 /…
and I still don't know how to do that Griezmann celebration.
Welcome Pep
Pretty much x there.
A fucking crack even in . The forward who should not have left the ...
Why is James Rodriguez so bad with Real Madrid in ?
Thread of reinforcements that disappointed. What are yours?
To be playing and winning well to the Squad battles and to be disconnected from the server is a fucking shit,...
Tremendous surprise to see that FIFA allows you to play the Women's World Cup, and play with the Japanese national team...
Leave the following data by MD: ️Psn-ID ️Nombre ️Nombre ️Edad ️Posición ️Clubes previous ️Microfono ️Nacion...
SUMMARY | | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ | | -0 | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | | -0 🆘️ |...
Are you coming? 🇪🇬
COUNTDOWN! The weekend is approaching and the campus is getting ready with everything for the...
I'm doubting what pair of Icons to do with the barter chips. Pirlo is safe, but I don't decide between Giggs...
See you this weekend, it's going to get good the FIFA challenge, there will be a little shell on a mini court and say, no...
IS IT WORTH PLAYING SQUAD BATTLES IN FIFA? - Gaming Kenn via
This weekend I play my first fut champions in target gold, dream gold and if I get to gold I dye myself...
Day and we already have two results: Mariners - Yokohama M. Horsesn - Sligo Rovers
He's playing against his team.
TIMO WERNER!!!! 🤙
NEW TEAM! REPAIRING US FOR FUT CHAMPIONS!! LIVE!!!!!!!!!
reveals to your Team of the Week via
The new acquisition of in me sends me a greeting! Thanks crack!
let's go! A for fourth division in pc!
FGA eSports These are the results of our players in the last day of FUT CHAMPIONS ...
stars in skillful movements... it is impossible for me to make ONE REGATE with my JP... large EA. …
That it would be FIFA without those people who just start the game they start stepping on the ball so you can see what they know has been...
Playoff match to reach the final of the tournament of The rival...
I'm raffling a for . All proceeds (via Mercado Pago) will be used purely and exclusively for...
CLASSIFIED! Yesterday our representative achieved the classification to the tournament pre...
LIVE!!!!!!!
How is it that those who beat me are the baddest? You don't understand. The team that plays the longest is the...
Not bad for eight swaps, style of anchor chemistry and try it!
The stream is coming kids!!!! I already missed them!!! Let's give div. Rivals! 🇲🇽....
Which graphic do you like more or ?
NEW TEAM! REPAIRING US FOR FUT CHAMPIONS!!
It may be today's most Delayed day there ever was in this shitty game that is
It's been a few hours since the performance and when I update it anyway... SOMEONE CAN TELL ME WHERE THE HELL THE CAR IS...
Among the outstanding to form a great team we have to: …
Hey I'm the only one who has blocked the "ñ" when it comes to naming a player created in ...
Because you asked for it, we extend our promotion we hope friends . . . . . …
Watch the goals of the pre-season practice for the leagues and Copa Chile...
How to change language from in ? It's very easy, it's just a few steps
How to change language from in ? It's very easy, it's just a few steps
How to change language from in ? It's very easy, it's just a few steps
What will the Screams be like at 🤔 FUT18 cards that were checked at full moon Cards with two stats on top...
Let him sit down! Tuzobrino, show your skill in it and you can win a...
Now it turns out that everyone is redeeming the Guardiola icon ‍
A RATITO DE EN live at
I recommend that on the day you have them, you vaccinate your children. Otherwise, you will spend hours daily trading for...
If you go for the tokens of the first season of Icons, from my point of view, these would be the best dup...
Just joy and good humour in the Clubs Pro mode
WE STARTED!
This October we will have the first edition of the UVM campus Coyoacán. We will have a tournament with...
What pex have you already tried the ?? update? You can tell when they know they watered it and get to work.
We are in direct training in the Recordad that there is party of the cop...
| Tonight from :00 our team will play the semifinals of the Iesa Cup, a...
You've got to play in the Pros Tournament. LIVE ...
very good Navas still in Madrid
It's coming
HALLOWEEN IS HERE! PREDICTION FIFA ULTIMATE SCREAM ️ Halloween is coming and the return of the...
On which platform do you prefer to play ?
In less than half an hour, we'll be hitting Division Rivals! Let's see if we can at least leave it in Range for mñn mien...
We have gone from watching the great teams descend to seeing them now win absolutely EVERYTHING. Typical of...
I just uploaded new and first run video and keep an eye on it while you give it Like and Subscribe.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Roberto Carlos Icon
| If you like and want to translate like no one else, 🤑 will give you the best advice from all over the...
I wanted to play and has update
I've got plenty of Rivals left yet so let's go!
Me every day with .
PS4 | Tonight from :30 pm we will be disputing a tournament relámpa...
How about friends with the new patch?
I know you have a lot of things to improve, like the whole game ... But sometimes I have a lot more fun playing ca...
What a handsome BayArena!
Atletico de Rafaela arrives to the electronic sports. he will represent us in
He's a fucking shit, every week I want to play Ultimate Team I swallow a min update......
| LECP Opening Tournament | Xbox Jornada (Roundtrip) ️ :45h :15h 🆚 ...
That I get Yang Xu and Souttar on the rewards or quoted.
Fichajes PRO️ The presentation of the new members of the Pavilion is coming ... Get your asses ready...
Fucking virgin how much it costs to get the egg fichitas for the icons.
With Fawaz and Villalba in the lead, these are the Argentinians who qualified for the Fut Champions Cup in...
Then we have Roberto Carlos icon! I've recorded a video of the debut game in which I almost scored... Ma...
Well, I don't remember the last time a patch improved the game. At least I notice it better.
Van Basten or Rivaldo ?????
I sell FUT coins on FIFA PS4, very cheap prices. Interested MD
| We continue adding points in the table of the, our player is unstoppable
It's not normal that I have to throw min to buy an envelope in incredible physical form.
I'm starting a career mode with a story invented by my pretty cool, soon I'll share it with you
Race Mode DIRECT ! LETS GO!
In rewards you have to give an eye to strong links...
What do you think of the new patch? Is the Career mode fixed?
Before returning to the liguera routine... So I had the honor of narrating the goal of and with the...
ATTENTION! Team of the Week is already announced Players are already available in envelopes from THIS M...
This is insane.
The eSports will play a friendly against the Thursday at :00 ⏰ will face...
NATIONAL PRIDE COMPLETED !! ADVANCED SBC | IS IT WORTH IT ?
Are you ready to start with your team and win the cup? This is the one he has for you, buy now...
Upload your music and challenge the squad in this week's featured Squad Battle!
When you get the right sides in the same envelope jajaj
Available the fourth FIFA patch that corrects the bugs in Career Mode, FUT and gameplay -...
&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;Sync by honeybunny &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;🇩
New
I would like to start a Career Mode with the now that you have "fixed" the bugs. And go along with the li...
Some photos have been updated! What others have you seen?
We already have the new patch of the . There are many improvements! Now it's time to test the changes if they've really been par...
The flea received its sixth Golden Booty. Messi, with six Golden Boots, is the player who more...
Update ] The face of Joao Felix can only be activated through the database on PC. Do not activate the...
[ ][ ][ ] We welcome &amp; our particular wall, together they will make s...
We already have him in our facilities! Who wants a tournament?
I sell Fifa's account with more than millions of coins. I have players in the club, plus this squad + k...
Thank you Ea in an improvement &lt;3
AND YES... present in it! ️
Before they write me millions of times...Joao Felix doesn't appear with an active face in the last template update...
Second career mode that I begin in Me the game to the challenge of Chelsea and we debuted in Old Trafford. Do you bet...
when they give the rewards of Squad Battles?
Who with ? Today our gamer will test the new patch and continue with Icon Swaps. Síguen...
Predictions of week Marquees
I start my career with the Sunderland and with the patch
Template Update Available! October
⭐ HMC PLAYER OF THE DAY ⭐ - Mateusz Bogusz - (18) - MC (+MCO) - Leeds United - 🇵🇱 - 00€...
Yesterday began the preseason of &amp; We took points, with the victory vs ne of -1 &amp; for...
He's still molando hahaha Big!
🤯 THAT TEAM OF THE WEEK MORE BAD YOU 🤯 then fortnite
Are we in Te vienes?
You've known the club and many of its members for years. The player wants to...
The R2Ps are phenomenal, so deny it.
Really Jorge?
Does it make you straight in a little while?
As you can see the improvement of the Beastly Career mode.
With the race mode patch today we will have live race mode in Twitch. Tomorrow Top Fri...
Guys! I couldn't be in the official announcement, but as you can see, WE ACHIEVE quite a few Players. We'll be coming...
Don't run out of your + PACK and enjoy football in its purest form! Wax your friends in ...
I'm back to fifth. My God, I'm so manic. I'm in this.
&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-==- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
A tournament for today? 🤔 FIFA Xbox: LoL: Full Seating DBFZ Xbox: Full Seating More...
We continue with the channel of Aussar
This guy is this guy's big coat. What a beast of DFC
is one of those selected for the team of the week after their goals and...
Goal
* They sound 🥁🥁🥁* WE HAVE WINNED THE ! Congratulations, ! You're a DM away from making us champions of...
But what a distinguished Harry Kane.
Enfin the MAJ of
Long live Mexico!
Lukaku: ️️ Lozano: ️ Last week: Sarabia: ️ The requirement to go out in this year's...
FGA eSports️ To end the Presentations of our players for the competitive season Les Prese...
Get the in and get an exclusive t-shirt and a DLC with extra content as a gift...
Keylor Navas, Pjanic, Gundogan, Wijnaldum, Kane and Lewandowski stand out in the new de
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to try the beta of the fifa, or alpha of fifa or was a p...
In the pause we play xq comes out mns d q I'm not playing /2
Available in a while in ! ...
Stream on We continue with the challenges of the ...
The with + errors my opponent asks for pause and they don't give him and I score goal /2
Incredible Great Game
The new version includes new features in its "carrea" mode. This way consists of competing and growing with the...
…
LIVE | Let's analyze the ! is already on the eSports channel...
This is all enclosed all the parties the same k coñazo where the passes and dribbles are a garbage
FIFA Ultimate Team Week is here! Harry Kane, Robert Lewandowski and Keylor Navas stand out among the...
REVIEW NABIL FEKIR | Today it's time to analyze one of the most outstanding summer signings. As usual, here you have...
Shall I open the ifs envelope this week or leave it for another with a better team?
What a pity to play and that is not the Cordoba ... I get very angry.
Look who's here...
Almost points in Rivals to be in Qualifying in the annoying me
New selections. There are several interesting cards!
In a few minutes I'll upload Fekir's review!
The happiest moment of the day for those of us who play in
Team of the week!
ICON SWAPS BUNDESLIGA GAMEPLAY | RUMO A GLORIA EPI | FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM...
"SEMANA " We get the SEMANA team ️ Lewandowski 🇩🇪 , Kane , Nav...
"SEMANA " We get the SEMANA team ️ Lewandowski 🇩🇪 , Kane , Nav...
Is there any way to get the story out in the ?
LIVE NEW UPDATE + ICON SWAP *MORNING REWARDS* - FIFA LIVE
What do EA SPORTS say that it has already solved the problem of the passes going where they leave the balls...
Available the fourth FIFA patch that corrects the bugs in Career Mode, FUT and gameplay -...
I haven't played anything because of mistakes in career mode, but now that the patch is there I'll probably finally play it.
Raul manager on PC, is undoubtedly the best platform to play to
Available the fourth FIFA patch that corrects the bugs in Career Mode, FUT and gameplay -...
EA Sports Reveals . keeps the goal of the FUT team of the week.
Better than last week, but you don't look 🤣!
After upgrading to ps4, I have to say that it has become uninhabitable. How many bugs and screenshot s. Da i...
| Third day of officers of our PROCLUBS team on a roll! Tournament City of Vuelt...
: € Play ultimate team: your mental health. Listen to Manolo Lama say that Hazard is one of the players...
Run! Run! Run! That we already have this week in
The Sniping Queen is back...
The team for my first
NEW TEAM OF THE WEEK!!!! THE MOST WIJNALDUM🇳 LEWANDOWSKI 🇵🇱 KANE GUNDOGAN🇩🇪 GUNDOGAN🇩󠁥....
the exchange letters are already accumulating in the Icon templates of follow up with the d...
The features of , and feature️ in Available...
Hello! This is the one! Kane Lewandowski 🇵🇱 Wijnaldum🇳🇱 Gundogan🇩🇪 Pjanic🇧🇦 Navas 🇨🇷 Team a little...
️ In this way, Fernando Palomo () records the names of the players for the ...
Somewhat loose the new TOTW I think the best and rescueable is Wijnaldum and Digne
Remember to send us your goal. To participate in the Goal of the Month award.
New TOTW! Who do you prefer of all? Wijnaldum, Digne, Keylor? These can still be used. Kane, Lewandowski? Po...
What do you think of this team?
WE ALREADY HAVE THE ONE! This is what has brought us the halt of selections. Good doorman for the Ligue...
Lozano?!?
🥇 SALE OF FIFA COINS 🥇 We have several years of experience in selling coins Price of k coins: €...
New update of , shortly direct beginning making challenges of Icons.
My team in
. &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=️=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
FIFA TEAM OF THE WEEK Which player is right for your squad? &lt;font color=#38B0DE&gt;-=🇨=- Proudly Presents
FIFA TEAM OF THE WEEK Which player is right for your squad? &lt;font color=#38B0DE&gt;-=🇨=- Proudly Presents
️ Team of the Week Which player is right for your squad? &lt;font color=#38B0DE&gt;-=🇨=- Proudly Presents
Some strikers, you 🤨
Let's turn the channel a little bit... they come direct and upload videos almost daily... I take a few months....
It doesn't give me a point and I already fell to the elite and the top already got too far away.
For the millions of tweets that write to me because Joao Felix's face is not on consoles or pc, you have to...
At last career mode God
I have also corrected the local kit of Cadiz, putting the sponsors of the blue chest of the rest of the t-shirt, ant...
Jesus Sanchez, Ferran Garcia and Mikel Uriarte are the best players of the week! &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=🧠=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
Lindelof beats Zaha and Kluivert in speed. WOWWWWWW
players on my team
The update is here a little more d gb we'll see how the changes are going
The day I hosted was crazy men, thank you very much brother and to give it hard ... PS: it was my second d...
WHAT A FACEAPP THEY'VE DONE TO MANOLAS.
TB With controls and "Q3995" With control and "Q3595" With selected game "...
Guys I'm starting to stream in twich of fifa a little bit of content Gost style.....
New video on the channel!
My team for my first FutChampions
more at 9€!!
️ Play the classic in your living room with this pack: + = ,49 ! Of ...
I don't trust so much change they say... seeing that the face of joao felix is not in ps4... and if in pc... for cua....
What a rage not to be able to train with my team for having problems on my internet. Let's see if he can fix it...
I have already edited the kits of Almeria to % and have real sponsors Editing on PC is a wonder
Tournament |Jornada | ⏰22:45 vs |Jornada | ⏰23:15...
And another thing! I am selling investments with stockings ... The reason? If you manage to announce something about the SCREAMS...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Guys! According to the filtrations: NO SALE: LUKAKU LOZANO DEPAY Therefore, if you have invested in your cards, sell your...
At :30 TEAM ELITE TRAINING. Player Tests/Aids for VFO and ION Required Positions: -…
Today is expected to be a very entertaining afternoon I will be live on my channel continue...
I Sell FIFA Coins (PS4) VERY CHEAP Prices: k = € k = € k = € k = € 00k = € ...
for when a little sandpit?
Well, it doesn't seem that Puyol has improved the thing. The new patch is quite noticeable, it's much more complicated...
has been on sale for almost a month and four patches have been released where the career mode has passed completely...
He will be present in the con , gamer of the 🤙 Showmatch...
We are in DIRECT FROM again Testing the new update and continue with the ICON SWAPS. Vente 🤖...
***NEW VIDEO*** REVIEW OF luissuarez9 WILL THE PENALTY VALUE? LINK IN THE BIO ⤴ ⤴ LIKE ...
Our players of , and , will be next Saturday in the Gr...
More surprises! It will represent us in the Showmatch of next to the best g...
Next Saturday in the Gran Via will compete our player against the players...
A Zidane made with the editor of quite dignified I believe, but like it happens in pes, one thing is that it is the...
Gran Vía ️ de octubre :00h. ️ &amp; The players of ...
Jump on the field and play at the best price! ️
EA has just updated and here you have detailed all the improvements in career mode. EA fixes Carre...
Starting tomorrow, I'll take the channel seriously! - where we'll give FUT a shot. - , j…
Puyol puts himself in charge of Depor to try to save the situation of the club PC
They're already updating on consoles; the few times I played I didn't see rare formations and seeing the headline...
Face of Joao Felix after the PS4 update
Iago Aspas... Touch, uncheck and definition We bet on the Galician of (85). Pull out...
Iago Aspas... Touch, uncheck and definition We bet on the Galician of (85). Pull out...
The face of when? after the update does not appear 🤨
Claudio Pizarro in the EA Sports challenge.
FIFA's motivating ad: "Wrong Breaks New Ground". …
OFFICIAL | We present the template that will represent us in Give a warm welcome to the...
Well, we already have a Fifa patch. They say the Cpu is more aggressive. Prepare to lower your level in Squad Battles
It could prevent the participation in the World Cup for a song in the stadiums of the...
Direct to chavales🤙
What a goal from Vinicius
The long-awaited patch that fixes the race has finally come out
NEW PS4 AND XBOX UPDATE AVAILABLE
FINALLY, THERE'S THE PS4 PATCH! ARRANGED CAREER MODE APPARENTLY
Let's go there with that new patch to start the day. Anyone who has the image in Spanish of the new...
Today is the day of in! And it will be analysed this afternoon on the ...
How would you prefer me to go up?
Frank Acheampong 🇬🇭 Here you have the best and cheapest revulsive there is, if you haven't tried it do it because or...
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
Here is the classification once the day is over
NokaFut v.2.0.10 uses shortcuts to make it easier to use. It's legal %, it doesn't make automatic/generated requests. Vali...
Mid Rio &gt; Nesta
Werner is a fucking barbarity.
First million of the year 🤑.
Prepare the rhythms of battle 🥁 - The Outstanding Template arrives ready to break all the molds...
It seems that the action of the race mode will not affect those that are already started ... to fuck off...
NEW VIDEO ON THE CHANNEL!!!! In the...
It could prevent the participation in the World Cup for a song in the stadiums of the...
Até no lance / to in bid. …
Até no lance / to in bid. …
Achievement climb to ª div . Now the goal is to ascend to ª.
Good Wednesday to all! Today at :00 we will have last-minute transfers with our And puts us...
Take the con pack with you for only €!
And after games I scored a corner goal.
Half already!! /12
Co-Op
Today's result
Fucking hell like I suffered to go up to TwT division.
Let the putooo disgust in SONS OF THE GREAT PUTAAAA
Completed Icon Changes Players Single Player and SquadBattles Swap
First walker in FUT .
Friends, this is called happiness.
I'd like to have
In the end I become Streamer at dawn hehe Well that, we are going to give a while to the objectives that I lack of...
It did comply ️️️️
To the cock I'm not to stress out and ready to go
I'm made a one-armed for it, that or that the game is the worst of all so far.
In other words, I had one game left to complete a Swap Token in . Enter FUT, I played games.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Derby County HIDDEN HOST Freefall ...
Rodrigooooooooo
Will you open them ?
I know it's the worst delivery. But taking the day in your day in portable mode is quite an e...
They can now go in peace presumes as the names are engraved on
It's the turn of our favorite partners! …
Play a match with the update and you will notice the change of the Offline CPU, you will enjoy the game much more without...
I FINALLY GET SOMETHING IN THIS GAME.
The homophobic cry corrected and increased ...
I need someone to elicit me like this.
FGA eSports️ We continue to Present for the competitive season to each of our players Today Pres...
you can't play like that, the djmario's mogolico complains and we in argentina have to smoke it...
The middle of the season is approaching... The hope of the title is not lost... A las ya gameplay live at
Join us to enjoy the ra Feria . We will be playing and sharing with all our...
Tournament |Jornada | -1 Defeat against a great rival! No...
Does anyone know what this is ? EA servers
Tournament |Jornada | -1 Good overall game of the team ...
Who do you want to play against?
The new Korean Celebration annyeong event has started, go play it and improve your plantings....
After hours of live, tomorrow possible direct to the watching the team of the week. Give the little heart to be...
Mexico vs Panama
Let's see how the revulsive goes.
Excellent triumph and rising to legendary II
I don't know who you are brother but believe me this hurt me more than it hurt you.
at its height. He ties me up with a shot at the bow and I beat him to +2.
We need people for pro fifa clubs on Xbox one for tournaments and daily play. Uruguayan-Colombian - argent...
Simply the best.Carlos Vela is the player of the month after a record-breaking scoring season....
Our review is now available on our channel. Remember to subscribe and activate notifications...
NEW VIDEO I Link: The patch that fans were waiting for so long to run...
This was also happening to me at a Division Rivals game.
Hpta Ponferradine
For this thing I paid dollars for Ronaldo 🇵🇹 a genius
Rain, fiaca and objectives of !
Another year, very well servers . It's nice to see that a portion of the money earned from its users...
I've reinforced the left side of my defence [rear and back] with a well-known Roll Royce and a full-back.
Ostia, after the fucking shit you've done with you have the most holy balls to get a...
Tiempista mi Capi Velázquez
WE'RE LIVE! Come and see me sinning in the whole family in the PalCueva....
Once again champion
ROBBBBEEEEERRRTTTTTOOOOOOOOO
My situation is as follows: I haven't had PS Plus since February . My last FIFA is FIFA18. I'd like to play...
The best of Fifa20! What pride!
-Here playing with my colleagues at fifa +What colleagues? -Those behind the wall. …
FIFA promotes healthy environments at its events in conjunction with the WHO. …
Now it's our new signing's turn! …
Well, that was close, but the vote was won. We start the live at 00PM. (In half an hour).
And then the magic is born from the voice of Así disfrutamos el
? The next weekend will be held in Costa Salguero. What's new?....
NEVER FORGET now that the Papu comes out ball of coins in should give it to me for free because a year ago I had a...
Do you play career mode in and were you waiting for the patch to fix the bugs in this year's edition?....
After the great support of the first one, you have already uploaded the second episode of the career mode with the...
How's the team going and a few k's on the bench? (When that will put to DC aguero comei MC) jejeje
Well, I'm about to get Roberto Carlos on the icon swaps. Rather, I am victorious...
We're starting a new journey from looking for people to try, good vibes and commitment, any i...
Latest Thumbnails I've made! All support is appreciated!
CONCENTRATED! This is the campus that will represent next weekend at the...
Mira We continue to improve the equipment of - ARG !Sorteo / IG&amp;TW
I've managed to finish all the objectives with the missing icons, but the Squad Battle has stopped...
It couldn't have been, we're down to the bottom of the semi-finals in a very close tie. Ida: ...
Someone to play friendly at ? 🤗
I don't know you but high sting
I start it and it touches me N.DOMINGUEZ!
and we're looking for Players to shoot and...
The first convocation of Many that we will have in the league. Today we start with NATIONAL CUP...
SBC d Schweinsteiger as MC d the MLS, the truth q is very expensive around the k, I think q is not worth doing...
What are you going to choose for your cracks template?
Soon Roberto Carlossss... 🇧🇷️
Failure? No one attended the first demonstration against the famous video game, do you think so? ...
We passed the round with two victories in two good games vs (1-0/4-2) Pasamo...
Lords of and this was a football video game, no online, no licenses, no envelopes, yes...
FGA eSports️ We continue to Present for the competitive season to each of our players Today Pres...
If you want to spend an entertaining night, stop by the streaming of ! Zafinu is giving to...
The goals, if they are against Atleti, taste better
Have you seen today's episode? We're releasing Career Mode. And if well, it is demo, because it will already be patched, you...
While you criticize and defend Adara and Alba and vice versa you can subscribe to my channel and participate FREE in the...
If you haven't seen yesterday's episode yet, you can't miss it! Go to the channel and disfruta️
First game won -0 vs. Let's go for the second. If we win we go from...
What could be improved?
Acceptable time to play some horrible fucking dopartis Game but I love him just the same
Application kl good
This week I have not been able to raise the prediction of the, I'm very busy these days. In addition they are of selection...
I Sell FIFA Coins (PS4) VERY CHEAP Prices: k = € k = € k = € k = € 00k = € ....
That Carlos Soler has only rhythm in ...
Monarca del Mes ‼ The goalkeeper of Monarcas Morelia is awarded as the "Player of the Month" in...
I just saw for the first time a gameplay of and mother of mine. Holy God, WHAT ABSOLUTE TRASH. It's one of the oldest...
Reading the guide to understand the great world and its highly recommended, great work. Go...
When you are told that the patch comes in Career Mode Video complete with the patch info and the Seri...
I see people complaining that in less than a month there are already updates. I prefer that you take out the...
This thing about you being bored... You get a gold upgrade on your mobile ... AND PUUUUMMM!!!! Here's the war...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I WANT POINTS TO BE ELITE IN SQUAD BATTLES | FIFA
I'd like to know how much money people spend on FIFA so that in less than a month they'll have those equipment, which is why I'm...
How bad I am playing pussy...
We are already in direct training with the team of A las hemos partido vs...
Can someone give me the characteristics of a coach for the career mode? Thank you. I'd appreciate it very much.
Everything you need to know about the next patch of the
Don't see the power of the IKEA meatballs!
Van min from Algeria VS Colombia by date Fifa and all are selling the Mahrez IF (scored and assisted, go -0 by date Fifa...
The craziest reaction in history when you find out what has come out... &LT;FONT COLOR=#38B0DE&GT;-=🤣=- PROUDLY PRESENTS
Gentlemen, I'm going to play the game.
And Thiago Alcantara's cripple has an average of . The joke is told only
Patch for . The info here:
LIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You know that you get older and have other responsibilities in life, when you have the from the date of the...
I couldn't miss this Mexican in my squad
TB With controls and "Q3995" With control and "Q3595" With selected game "...
Are the Seasonal Goals worth it? 🤷‍
That's how we left...
I already have the eight icon Swaps that Guardiola needs... But now I don't know whether to do it or save them for someone else... 🤔
Two new analyses for Sailing : It is worthwhile as a substitute and will serve when you ask for players "First...
I felt like CR7 while he's signing me in the pipisroom.
As much as I'm trying to catch the trick, the new rehearsed moves seem like a mechanic to me...
Let's lose a couple more games in and let's go to sleep.
We have double tickets to the event, including a backpack with surprise gift. Upload a photo with your FI...
The patch note also talks about corrections in the visual of some players (new faces?). In the meantime,...
Update patch now available on PC ! FIRST CORRECTIONS FOR CAREER MODE. Tomorrow, I'm sure, he'll be on consoles.
Tecitó
My doorman does not serve the hands hahaha in
I Spend My Coins For This Player Of
The legend is now available on your SBC End of An Era 🇩🇪
Week from October to October open envelopes 00 inverted coins 🃏 players sold...
…
We're on the air! Making equipment in
There is victory in defeating the enemy, but there is greater victory when man defeats himself. …
The best NO GOAL you'll see today......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
In the next few days there will be an update for PS4 and XBOX that will fix the bugs of the...
Will we get the Classification? 🇸🇪 🇪🇸 …
You shout whatever you want, that whole Qatar World Cup is going to be boring as hell. And we didn't even get to the point now....
His little things.
minutes and we started a live one talking about everything a little bit
Hey, aren't you more interested in licensing her in the first place? It's just that you're falling asleep...
| ️ After the victory in the face to face we will be in the...
Hello if this happened to me with a kid defending me with CPU before, now with the new update me...
Look how happy they are and at Friends Arena. Match of the vs...
We're live!
FIFA SCHWEINSTEIGER SBC ALMOST FREE! DO THIS TRICK NOW! FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM Video here :...
| LECP Opening Tournament | Xbox Day (Roundtrip) :45h ️ :15h 🆚 ...
There's only FUT Champions left.
I've managed to ride almost on a budget.
Tournament |Jornada | ⏰22:45 vs |Jornada | ⏰23:15...
TO CUENCA
Three average templates for Schweinsteiger. JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA. of acceleration. of speed. of a...
He came!
NEW VIDEO I Link: What you need to know about the new patch coming for FIFA...
And he's finally fixed the career mode and you can enjoy it now.
Does anyone play Dream League?
He's back ? Then I lost, but this I keep.
Let's go! ️ Castro SCUF IMPACT
Trolley entertains Trolley entertains
Winning with him in race mode, legendary difficulty. ️
Guinea is in the ???
Guys! Well, Bastian came out although they don't ask Bayern players The same is expensive k
Totally agree!
I'm going through life with this... someone knows how to get down from division fast for what third is a torture and c...
The letter of Aké in is almost as good as that of his silver IF in . How many joys did the pl...
Legend is available NOW on your SBC End of An Era
BASTIAN SCHWEINSTEIGER END OF AN ERA ! 🤯 IS IT WORTH IT? IN EA HAVE THEY GONE MAD? ...
In the last few years he's by far the worst. That's some crap game in every way.
And that's how he records the names in the
We have new SBC! Bastian Schweinsteiger END OF AN ERA! Good stats for a player who brings us many memories...
| live from ¡Pasate y saluda!
MATCH DAY! SWEDEN 🆚 SPAIN Crash of the against Sweden. Let's go! 🇪🇸 …
FIRST END OF AN ERA DE! Schweinsteiger announced that he will retire at the end of the season. German legend...
This is how you record your comments within
EOAE Scheweinsteiger came out SBC Name: Did you go sailing and need someone to give it chemistry? Last name of...
Bastian Schweinsteiger End of an Era SBC available in templates and IF. My opinion, very ...
🇩🇪 BASTIAN SCWEINSTEIGER 🇩🇪 Piece of card end of an era, PLEASE EA do not overdo the prices ...
How to get the special letter from via
First FUT Rivals Rewards! - Gaming Kenn via
At PM we have the first Career Mode video on the channel.
I think this is for you (players) 🤣🤣
Good! Today we had at the SBC of Bastian Schweinsteiger End Of An Era Piden half and half templates and...
What better than destroying it using the SCUF of ?
Vale have fixed the unreal alignments in career mode but you have to start a new one. Really...
No more Squad Battle points.
Masters, question... When is the best time or event to spend ...
| Don't miss out on showing yourself how it relates the names that are then...
I'm starting to pick up pace in
I got tired of doing your fucking challenges, I collected chips and traded it for this wall. It's terrible pd: don't do it...
Well, that, that the handicap doesn't exist in
First Legend for Aston Birria FC in this one
in real life
I don't have the player yet, but he already needs a contract.
We never thought we'd see it, but yes. In the fans of Rosario Central and Newell's join together to make...
We have prepared a comprehensive guide on how to get the most profitable Icons using the T...
Yesterday in IESA's debut in , Black Pacifier kept calm: Puerto Montt -0 Rangers
I swear that the Sokratis of the is the same beast of the
is updated with a new patch that fixes Career Mode bugs and more.
Not bad for the envelopes they give away
Below I share my brief analysis of the Icon Swap, a novelty that raises EA in the face of the...
And since black holes are so fashionable... can't you guess which one is the one?
Anybody want to sell me fifa coins?
**NEW VIDEO** REMONTANDO LA JORNADA RESUMEN FUTCHAMPIONS UN LIKE SE GRADECE Link en la BIO ! ⤴⤴⤴ LIKE...
How do you see it? Any recommendations that can't be missing from the team? Show me yours. My ID is: the...
And that's how he makes the recordings for
Guys! I'll pass on the Investment for the ones from These are letters from Halloween-themed clubs. My recommendation...
Manchester United ... Pogba and a forced -2-3-1 The French is one of the few arguments of the ManU...
Manchester United ... Pogba and a forced -2-3-1 The French is one of the few arguments of the ManU...
Good morning
The new update says that they have fixed the reason why players take so long to give a p...
How are the names recorded in the ? ️ So we presume Which player has surprised you...
This is what happens in fifa when you play with a team of farmers to make the fucking challenges of the icons....
Cinnamon stick
Then d dates d look for equipment for this week we start
Best Plan of Life ️
We are very proud to continue in FiFa Clubs Pro... this time hand in hand with . They were his...
Can someone help me improve the staff?
Cheap walker, but Walker 🇪🇸
What a goal! 🤷‍ • • • • • …
Any Tradeo for ?
Well, playing squad battles also has its reward.
DIRECT START OF PLAYING DIVISION RIVALS!!
You don't put the result in? Why? Are you ashamed? With "goodism...
There will be two Argentines in the first FUT Champions Cup . Added to this . Congratulations...
I think this one on PC, with mods, with patches of corrections and so on, is going to be one of the best in the world....
That's the way things are at Ultímate Team.
Yesterday in a little while I put this together on PC
Best formation for Ultimate Team this FIFA ?
FILE MARKET | Coming from, your experience and quality will bring great things to the future....
The repercussion is real
Shit I grabbed him fast, I started a career mode with him and I go first with games undefeated...
For those who asked for it in Spanish! Here we leave it to you! FOURTH FIFA Update - ...
Minimum two months leave for Alexis Sanchez. The curse of drawing a card in .
New video on the channel!
Looks like the next patch is going to correct a lot of things. -Arrangements in Career Mode. -Improvements in goalkeepers....
THE CAREER MODE IS COMING Finally the new update came out that will fix most of the problems...
Ultimate Team
DEGRA FIFA GAMING: FIFA Reddit: the objectives of the first owner...
I don't know which is the "best" way to play this, but I prefer to touch the ball...
I got a Vaseline goal from a goalkeeper at Squad Battles. I think I've seen it all.
Finally the creators of have realized the future best goalkeeper in the world and have created a letter...
new name for the biggest national competition ...
Is it my feeling or is the market at a standstill? Consequence of the Icon swap event? ...
Apparently they take away one of the most successful skills in game. If it's already complicated to do something against a rival...
BY FINNNNNNN! One week download later, you're already MIOOOO
Here you have the contents of the new update. To emphasize improvements in the goalkeepers, new faces in play...
If you give me dollar for every time you ask me if the career mode is already fixed.... read boys to ...
Oh, my God, this game brings out the worst in me.
After several problems with the connection and weeks of absence, we redeemed. The Pac Team will be this weekend in the...
Now available on PC a new patch of . Coming soon on consoles
New patch on ️ gameplay arrangements ️ Physical Form Arrangements ️ You'll be able to see the dots...
And we have the little M hand before the first month. This would not be possible without the &amp;....
Tech Avion Sales
My colista salary doesn't give me for these prices.
Still waiting for me to come from to raffle it, but I have great news. Thanks to...
Óscar Plano 🇪🇸 |
WE FOLLOW WITH is the protagonist, who in this case coincides that in the last...
I have already finished the ICON SWAPS of the first season. I leave my OPINION one more time. I'm very tired...
Now available the update 5 of in PC, tomorrow or the day after for consoles - MANY corrections of Gamepla...
The update speaks of some players with visual changes, by the date and we are waiting for an update of...
I think the only thing that saves this one is the volta mode. Otherwise it's being a fiasco.
Joao Felix arrives with the new Update
Finally the new patch of
ICON SWAPS LA LIGNE GAMEPLAY | RUMO A GLORIA EPI | FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM...
New update will have to be tested. They touch the goalkeepers a lot and substantial improvements to the CPU 🤔
Happy birthday But more happy can be for those who win one of the magnificent ones that...
NEW VIDEO! FIFA | AUBAMEYANG POTM REVIEW.
I'm using Lloris to complete a challenge and it seems to me long the worst goalkeeper in the game...
Let's collaborate with your templates exemmmm
Call this handicap or Courtois is the fucking master at 🤦‍
We are looking for goalkeeper and two central defenders for FIFA, VFO division team, we will play other competitions apart. I…
Looks like the next patch is going to correct a lot of things.
Finally comes the patch that solves the problems of the Career Mode, will solve all problems (?)....no s...
Contraversial opinion- FIFA is fantastic.
MATCH DAY | | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | ️ | :30h ⬅️ | :50h | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ |...
Someone who plays on PC and passes me the Spanish change notes of the new patch? Thank you
In a single envelope
| Second day of officers of our PROCLUBS team! Tournament City of ...
Well nothing, these are my empty reward ️Recompensas 🤢 SQUAD BATTLES week in FIFA ...
FOR THE END! It looks like the ANSIADO patch that fixes the Career mode of . ALELUYA!
for the Twitches!
I have the and game, but I'm tempted to buy it for the What should I do? 🤔
A Guardar Sobres que ya llegará el evento de ojalá toque uno en
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
Spain look to sign their mathematical classification against Sweden
Direct Morning Career Mode
Straight from to the I'm live in Twitch. You can see me at
I delivered argentines, leagues and you give me this juju
Yesterday she succumbed to a great Sweden in the second friendly tournament of .
Little by little we don't go cheering
Someone once thought that we would be a time without Messi and Christian until they include them as read...
INTERNATIONAL PARTY! always unites: the eSports and the will face in PARTIDAZO ami...
Sale of insurance coins and a lot of responsibility in the work for more information to the private...
There is an end! The end is defined! ...
INFO of the campaign in and on this note
&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=🇧=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ The first leg of the semifinals of the . In a week, meet...
Okocha ou Guardiola no icon swaps?
In rivals chemistry is useless, somehow the player gets all the passes even if he has chemistry...
How big they are.. Subs y VAMOS x MÁS, Gracias cracks!!🤙️
First walker
FIFA DOMINATES UK SALES FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE WEEK ...
So much they complain and claim for it and still they keep buying it every year. They're a bunch of assholes. 🤷‍️
It's a shame not to pass the round, but trusting to the top of the team, there is a good base, the results will come!
Good morning owls! How did you start? We are very happy because we saw that yesterday you liked the...
SBC Carlos Vela POTM Friends! Well, Carlitos Vela came... I will propose to make all the sbc of Mexicans who...
The whore who gave birth to them. EA
What can we do against this?
We continue
A Retas of
Please these results. Four cones defend better.
my first goal in
🇦🇺 MOOY SIF 🇦🇺 Do you remember this MC? for me one of the best Box to Box Fifa ....
First and last match of league players
Which character should I choose? Is there a better one?
Straight into the night! Starting a new series!
Thus paints our beginning of -0 and champions of the IESA Cup esports, leaving on the way to the classic and ...
Tremendo handicap lpm mira el gol de roger jaja ya veo que a peir equipo mejor te va
FIFA reaches millions of players in just two weeks - -
-4 in FUT Champions yesterday, I stayed to party of the verified... If I verify the following end I enter the cl...
Welcome to my Team !
the match of league players
WE'RE ALIVE, FOLKS! Post fut champions!!! finally a stream of strikes!!!! I'M WAITING FOR YOU! …
Well... just missing the squad battle metenos more hours in this game ...
This is my template so far in Is it good for fut champions?
First league player's match
| SHEET Mouths | INCREDIBLE SALES | Forgotten | | | Watch video here ...
The world's best defense ️4️⃣🇪🇸
It's the turn of another of our area killers, now it's the turn of HGS BladeRR! ...
Play!
I already have of those mothers to change for icons, the good thing that they gave chingo of days but is an incredible roe c...
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Season Objectives (La Liga) Reward via
Now you can elute the market with Sebastian Sosa's
Well the YA cancelled a penalty goal, shot to the center the goalkeeper manages to touch but clearly is goal. Y…
Practice male salt
Lucky for me my boyfriend's stung if he wouldn't be climbing the walls by now.
These things happen when fifa is good and fair. ️
That tomorrow is finally coming
I'll let it go for a while and I'll concentrate on finishing the event.
Training and debut with goal to zero in . -0
uwu, I finished terminal the first miniature after h 🤣 because I was doing homework jeje🥰
LIVE We follow the career mode with the Werder Bremen and today we...
I played the qualifiers at Rivals, and I lost the conchetumadre! I get to the bow at least once a...
First goal in with!!!! Let's go the villa let's go!
On this holiday playing in Bogota, Colombia
In hours I only played games Tomorrow I get home and turn on the PS4 like this...
We already have a new lineup. What do you think? 🤔
with get_repost ・・・ PORTERO Congratulations to ...
We have to give him harder.
Welcome to . A pride of Morelia is in . Player of the month!
When you do the dfc of to compete in !
You know that you can get fp for it from my instagaming code and that you get cheaper and to me ay...
As some of you know, I'm spending some time in the States. After settling in, here you have my first game.....
After today, where I won a game against Guille Vetere and Nacho Vetere, I trust BOQUITA will have a chance.
Those messages that make you fall in love
What a piece of goal and foul scoring! Lewa of my life!
Congratulations to , for being the Player of the Month of the...
Painted to open the manual of the free throws in the
Tournament |Jornada | -0 Another game of the whole team...
Tournament |Jornada | -4 Departure of the whole team in front of...
Know the cock as it plays in real life, but I think I discovered in the center that we need.
Do you have any of these in your club? Maybe you have and you haven't noticed.
retas de en ps4 are wanted
I think in a little while I'll be waiting directly for Fortnite, so keep an eye out. …
Tamos ready papa
We have already started the live of playing MODO MANAGER with Rayo Vallecano EP006 by live at
NEW VIDEO, REACTS TO YOUR STATS WITHIN ️
&LT;FONT COLOR="#FFFF00"&GT;-=🇨=- SYNC:ßÇÈÂÈÂ
EXCLUSIVE STAND! Last 19th and October, at the ....
I sell Ultimate Team coins
I still go on without him not what I do with my life
What's up there? He blew them up in
I hope it tells some little things that have happened this nosheee, tell little things. cushaaarasoo gordoooo
At the end of the day these are the markers Summaries
I'm enjoying it quite a bit, yes, I know it's almost the same as last year but I'm referring to your version...
And this is the new jaja de laughter by the way I have to sign Lloris, porterazo ...
Career mode returns from England's second division
NIGHT OF TRADEOS AND SBC via
I don't get anything in the black pass envelopes or in the ultimate version but I do squad challenge and I get a TOTW...
Joel Robles ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ...
Ultimate fifa
Charles
Mira We continue to improve the equipment of - ARG !Sorteo / IG&amp;TW
I have just been charged an offside in the after the pass of an opponent...
&lt;font color=#38B0DE&gt;-=vino🇲=- Proudly Presents
I have to remove the comments in Portuguese (Brazilian) from , I don't concentrate. Don't tell me why but more...
I just finished an order, I'm going to make a few miniatures of the...! ️
I PLAY ELITE IN THE LAST PARTY!!! via
EA IS ROBANDO BRUTAL! FIRST PARTICIPANTS OF FUT CHAMPIONS - FIFA ... …
Very good revulsive card. -Lethal shot. -Good agility and balance. -Decent rhythm. It's the energy and the...
And so most of the games I play in
PREMIER HYBRID TEMPLATE BUNDES + SBC HYBRID OF COUNTRIES! ‍ NEW VIDEO! I HOPE YOU LIKE IT AND THAT YOU GIVE IT...
What changes in physics do you recommend? That is to say, architect, shooter, etc... A little help please to compromise...
ANSU FATI HAS DUTIES ABOUT ITS FUTURE at the FIFA BARÇA MODO CARRE... …
I'll be doing in the
I shit the bubble of coins in can you ever let the poor sign a decent player?
The Zidane &amp; Kaka combination.
A lifetime waiting for this. …
Prediction
sacrifice
And last but not least, the forward, commanded by Nubes and making him second Jacobo and Alemo, players of...
Now we're dealing with the midfielders (MCO) we have Rubio and Kevin, players of great quality who give him the...
In the extremes we have Stephenss, Keane, Brazer players of a lot of quality and importance in this team...
The new delivery of the world's most popular simulator is now available. How is it? Check out our res...
In the containment we have players and they are selected national, Mexican and another Argentine, they are billi...
In the defense one of the best in the league Bombo, Alfredo, Luis and Suarez, safe defense Segura with touch from the...
Presentation of the Periqueros X. We start with the goal, albiazul and tavo goalkeepers of high quality, eerience ...
My Barça is undefeatable on
We are live in the second match of the tournament Now vs...
Hello! A short time ago we gave away in open dynamics an official T-shirt for download of the...
I'm not used to the new way of making free throws in
Well...who we have here 🧐. Our player just started direct on twitch We go with the owl...
I can't play anymore.
With this template we are going to make these objectives! Changes Icons a Player * Golden Battles * MLS ...
we go from to see what's improved
Every now and then they do the updates in the ? ? ? ? ? I'm...
Do you have Fifa Ultimate Team accounts? Do you have an open market in the mobile App or Web App of...
look who came today to the SB reward team opened the envelope on my son, deserves todo🤓
All waiting for the dark eye of the and me thinking my planning in 🤣 Did we try the Bundesliga ? 🤔
Shit but it's my shit.
This week I don't know if I'm going to do live, I'm going to go for Fifa's swap icons and I know that if I'm live I'm not going to do it...
Your friends will be happy as you continue to lead sales in the UK, follow closely other am...
Still don't have the most awaited game of the year? Wait for you in its standard edition or champions. You can with...
Quarter-finals (round trip) - 🆚️
| We add another victory to today's day of sum and still champion!
I got Ney ️
New FIFA SBC uploaded. Make the most of it before the players' prices go up a lot. I hope it serves you....
To the streaming opening rewards of Squad Battle, to see the cojimanco that comes out.
| Have a VERY GOOD NIGHT IN THE ATHANS SUPERCLUBS FIFA20! Good luck to ALL! Here I pruned...
The other day I played fabinho, the other day Messi, and yesterday in rewards ...
FICHAJES - We search: EXTREME PORTER - Requirements: Microphone + TS3 Available from Sunday to Sunday...
TONIGHT A LITTLE OF SIGN UP? It's free!!
Some useless fuck just scored me goals in the . Wonderful.
Opening a small envelope...
When you're a fucking son of a bitch in
I was very lazy, but I'm going to try to do the ICON SWAPS. I'm between Pirlo, Nesta or Hagi, have you tried...
I'm LIVE on the channel playing and watching the black hole of the
Thanks for blocking the doorman.
| LECP Opening Tournament | Xbox Day (Roundtrip) :45h ️ :15h 🆚 ...
I've already finished the intro to tomorrow's chapter. Very cinematic. Now it's time to edit the gameplay. Warning, the first...
Disappeared in combat
Day, I trust Loren.
of was chosen as the month of in the ...
Let's go!
¡! We present the new image of ProVirtual, the platform that watches over the interests of the Club teams...
The new free throw system is great!
I kept the rewards and envelopes of weekends. Tomorrow I record video opening the envelopes in total that...
| With the victory achieved in the quarterfinals by a, today the team will look for a vic...
What do you think of the SBC? Are you gonna do it? . . . …
The next album of the double figurine show at 🇧🇷
Positive balance for the in his competitive journey through the Nordic lands with double against N...
In my last video I show you some interesting equipments for the one of ... I hope that you gu...
Forecast of . Week of date FIFA with European selections looking for to classify to the Euro. The...
More information about the tournament coming soon! ️‍️
Today the chronicle of the of can't be like in front of Norway. But I'm sure...
Full concentration + turkey motivation + k followers = comeback in seconds
I've already played... the worst game they've ever thrown in the entire saga. What rubbish! Your community asks you to be...
The one of can not with Sweden in the second friendly tournament.
New video on YouTube channel
Allison or De GEA?
If you can buy these if close to the discard can be an investment for the future, since they are Premier...
Well cositis, I am very excited to announce that I become the first player of . With...
The time has come... We lend our new player! Welcome to Comenzamo...
Chiiiiiicos! Attention pickup! Bought at! We keep progressing!
My team for the next Fut Champions
For the fevers of the Let's reward the best goal among all those who send us their best score ...
I do not believe the librada in this mode funlabrada manager career you can not lose Dar like and subscribe ...
Simply the best.Carlos Vela is the player of the month after a record-breaking scoring season....
You want me to upload a Review of Carlos Vela 🇲🇽🥅
Well, we already know what we want in
The evolution from start to finish
GOAL IN IT! - The World Cup - FIFA | Career Mode: Chivas | LIGUILLA | ...
Participate in the goal of the week and month by sending your goal to the mail Camerinodeltuca.com ...
Haven't you tried the new one in our stores yet? Volta, Fifa Street, futsal... Call it a q...
The Witch's TIFO!
Carlos Vela 🇲🇽 in SBC now available. An average squad One MLS player One MLS player One MLS player One MLS player One MLS...
Let's go to social work. Considering that with the (deserved) boycott of the players in career mode no one pub...
We send ourselves strong to reward the goal of the month in with Send the goals to mail Camerinodel...
New SBC available. I hope that FIFA will serve you...
On Friday I stopped playing for the awful Delay. Saturday was INJUGABLE, I played almost every game. E…
What a talent Bolton's.
I don't feel like playing. That's how it's impossible to get the fucking icons... &LT;FONT COLOR="#FFFF00"&GT;SYNC BY HONEYBUNNY &LT;FONT COLOR="#FFFF00"&GT;‼
The net with him I'm very happy and I don't need anything...
The premiere of the Opening Tournament is here! And we premiered nothing less than against...
He's ready to make us sail!
| Debut of our PROCLUBS team! Tournament City of ⏱️ J1 0 ...
UEFA202 BULGARIA ENGLAND YELLOW CARDS TT ,59 UEFA202 UC...
The episode of Giancarlo is coming (at last)! Four INCREDIBLE reinforcements arrive and we debuts in...
To the LIVE Career manager mode with him ! Right here:
Welcome to the T episode of the podcast! We talk about, analyze and then,...
Rewards of group G ...
Well after winning Gold this week are coming changes in the template. What do you think? Will Semedo go well with ...
CARLOS VELA POTM MLS COMPLETED !!! | TOP LETTER VERY CHEAP!
He felt the humiliation and left hahahaha.
This is
We're still on our way to get our FREE IDOL!
How we like to see the moyoreta in action! Tonight we will have to play to the in our cana...
I buy accounts with open market web app PS4 We pay euros or currencies % reliable
Hello! Today we have had Sailing in These are the requirements and the charter. At night I raise the predic...
CARLITOS VELA en It's noticeable that EA put it in before Josef's SBC ends.
CARLOS SAIL
The predictions of marquees are back! On this occasion we will travel to Germany, England, Colombia and Sweden to...
Let's go, will you come with me?
VAPO VAPO
This October we will have the first edition of the UVM campus Coyoacán. We will have a tournament with...
Jorgito, don't compare the textile industry with a video game COMMUNITY, let's not do bullshit. I already told...
Erice didn't get off to a good start, but this just started.
Completely broken race mode. Kepa tells me that he doesn't play and that he passes, when in fact he has played everything.
Rudi Garcia announced as the new DT of Lyon. And curiously tomorrow the first chapter of the Career Mode in...
A goal you can't miss
Stream on Let's start making the goals of ...
The time has come for one of our area killers, our always beloved HGS Meteoro l7l! .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I just saw an offer on Amazon I just lowered the price of the "Champions Edition" From ,99€ to ,99€...
Let's BEGIN THE SEASON WITH SURPRISE! | FIFA Race Mode Brescia Ep.3 via ️
All the spectacle of the live with the clash of the against Sweden in . Our...
TRAINING Today's training is at :30PM
One more match and I confirm my new favorite formation at 🤔
The new fifa mobile trailer ...
️ | LECP OPENING TOURNAMENT | The Xbox section will participate in the Opening Tournament of the previous LECP...
Will it last as long as the previous delivery? ️
FILE! He becomes the International Ambassador of our team.
(get_repost) ・・・ FILE! Buffalo Becomes International Ambassador of New Zealand...
Since I bought myself for I do not work the servers of someone knows by...
We will have a total of tokens/checks to redeem for these Swaps. I already made my selection: Ballack (14)...
CAN IT BE MORE DISGUSTING TO PLAY TODAY? It doesn't matter with the player who passes that you will lose the Delay... p...
has already surpassed the millions of players! And not only that... More than 00 million have also been marked...
I want to tell you that I'm going to start doing live performances in Twitch opening up rewards of all kinds from FIFA, so if...
You should buy instead of You can't possibly not have the Haitian team at Fifa20 my...
The first one came
What a bore with all the kids rats pulling the cable every time they're losing.... THAT LOSS OF T...
Today the day is for full air and
FIFA continues to break records and surpasses ten million players in two weeks
Meti band of games these days! But I'm a letter to get my Roberto Carlos, hopefully I can have it for you...
Well, how'd those rewards go today? Any dollars? This is where we got this, which well, sum mo...
LIVE | Start of ! Come with to open envelopes in the...
Which video game is better? Fortnite : Fifa
Not bad for the first time we're going full at UT.
What do you mean there are no rivals for this hour?
At h., Sweden is measured in . Our players are already in the stadium with everything ready...
of readings natas!!!! via
I'm on the air hitting the fifa.
EA tells me to play like that. Play matches half in rivals half in squad batle and we give you icons of...
- Has the EA game fulfilled its objectives?
We follow of tests Schedule: 0 × 0 Positions: DFC CAR MCD/MC Open by private...
leads the UK for the third week in a row in a list without too many novelties
| Do you want to share a team with some of the best players in Spain? We are looking to strengthen the team to...
leads the UK for the third week in a row in a list without too many novelties
LEFT from the automatic ASCENSE stations // Chapter Season Career Mode DT ...
The work and the constancy made person, great work Carlos to continue fighting. …
The good contra in
When Time Finish Shits You !
You can all come and watch this afternoon's stream! It's already live with the s...
THE BEST INVESTMENT TO LINK YOUR COIN IN FIFA ! via
The new Corners error is a bad joke: asking a second player to come closer to serve in the corner of the...
The same tactical errors are still the same as always in . Kante to cover on the edge of the small area in the...
The second friendly tournament of the . You can follow it live with us at :00!....
New video on the channel!
Anybody pass me the fifa?
You can now listen to the Podcast ªT Ep. We talk about , we analyze , we review the present time and r...
️ULTIMAS TIME TO REGISTER TO TOURNAMENTS and ️ TODAY OR NEVER! ...
TEAM OF THE WEEK PREDICTIONS ... via
We are already streaming people in Twitch here you have the link to join! …
La Carrarese Academy presents: |Rosa /20 |EN/ED 🥅|
This afternoon, and will jump to the field of play to play their second game with the...
This is : half a second to start moving from the moment I select the player, half a second to make an entry.
Has the EA game fulfilled its objectives?
OPENING REWARDS OF SQUAD BATTLES | FIFA ...
ATTENTION We are looking for people to test for . Those who wish to come from tests must fill in the...
I am looking for an MC team at España🇪🇸
Playing me Gold1 in the last game. Previously very avoidable defeats all, I insist all. But, m...
This weekend could not participate in but continued...
It's okay to live a life that others don't understand.
Tournament Group We face and ...
My first walker
Online challenge completed
Guys... Dad is back!! in Huelva, Spain
I have just been informed that you are planning to make an appointment in the near future... Be attentive that pro...
Players who score EVERY fucking rebound goal, what do you play? You're making me sick, man. The worst thing is that I don't...
I was playing Squad Battles and this is happening to me, this is unbelievable.
These are this week's TOTW predictions.
When you get tired of the handicap and go to the Premier Ligue for a doped team ️
Great e-Sports event this past week with the Fortnite tournaments culminating the last day of the season........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
We ended the week of e-Sports with the two-day FIFA20 and Fortnite tournaments at the Come Centre...
Another week making gold in . We need to improve the team and not mess it up in some games.
NEW VIDEO! WIN A LOT OF COINS FAST WITH THIS TRADEO IN
When the happiness of the one you want to remain in him !
Today begins our first contact in a tournament organized by the one where we have...
FIFA reaches millions of players in just two weeks - -
is crowned as the best seller in the United Kingdom during the month of September
Only the new 'Volta' mode in the purest 'Fifa Street' style is worth something to me.
The demonstration against Madrid... well, let's say silence reigned.
in WHILE PASSES EVERYTHING
I started a Career mode in Saudi Arabia, as I don't know the players I won't notice the bugs. Let's see...
We already have 24 trades in
We start the week with a presentation in the team of . He returns after a time set apart by labor topic...
wave I'm a disabled player, my two hands have never worked, my dad created this personal mango...
Fence, this one didn't come out for nothing profitable... yours that such boys ️SBC Natural Legends in FIFA...
FIFA's motivating ad: "Wrong Breaks New Ground". …
I Sell FIFA Coins (PS4) VERY CHEAP Prices: k = € k = € k = € k = € 00k = € ...
How do you want the "Club &amp; Country" transfers to the Vitesse?
SORTEO Tomorrow ends our draw of a Follow the steps to participate! Good luck!
I'm trying to make a hit on him but I can't JOOOOOOODER
The world of video games is going to shit for micropayments, no longer interested in making good games, just take out the...
FIFA's demonstration in Madrid fails outright
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
After a disastrous weekend in getting only one Silver this week it's time to win pu...
Good morning people! How was that and those recompense of? Any news?
What Icon Swaps are you going to choose from? I'm going to collect the ones I need for Guardiola and... And you?
We bring you a solution to the Template Creation Challenge ... Natural legends ...
We bring you a solution to the Template Creation Challenge ... Natural legends ...
Tough day in the office BUT still score a goal 🤣
Good morning, parakeets! Today you have again with like every Monday in the channel of the...
Perfection.
Let's go for more the next day ️🇲🇽
I've been tied for a game I'd be ashamed to tie. It's shimples.
Gold in my first fut champions of fifa, here my little warriors Coutinho goes spectacular CAM and Lewandowski Lewandowski a...
First change of idol!
BUT GOOD THE INSTRANSFIRABLES
other to thread n.n
It's the party that won and got stuck there ... Obviously they don't give me my Fut Champions points.
Thanks to the tournament I won a cell phone by being the champion of the tournament.
Today comes Draw for a Play on my Twitter... 🤔‍️
Thank you for giving me and encouraging me to get up early playing.
I was one Elite victory away. I still don't get the vibe right, but I really enjoyed this WL ️...
Dybala and Verratti, stars of the fourth Team of the Week of
we sell k fifa ps4 euros i accept psn cards i have references delivergo account
Oblak in the is a one-armed of mrd
First FUT Champions that I'm going to leave unfinished. I'm going to watch a series. Don't waste time in...
SBC Leyendas Natas 🤩 Finally something good 🥳 How do you see ?
Still paying well for gold upgrades
To finish fucking weeks of FUT and I do not even have the console with me, the game then for later.
/12 little by little
[] celebrates its millions of players and rewards them with VOLTA COINS |...
Lautaro Martinez
The episode is ready.
Full bundes, with a score of -10 (6 slopes) Improving little by little and always looking for better ranks...
Closer and closer to my Hugo Sanchez
I need a partner for the pro club
To improve the servers and connection in and out of step that disappears the Deelay
you're a fucking robbery in everything. You give a mixture between disgust and shame
I let my son be only min seeing as gueon the black hole of .Then I removed the...
My first goal
What's happening to you could happen to you.
Let's go!
Siuuuuuu, second week of and Elite with a team of around k and all plagued by Messi, Neymar, So...
Classified North America! These are the players who will travel to the first event of the year from 🇷🇴....
To all of you who are with when I get to subscribers raffle copies of the help me? Gra...
What an early birthday gift my best brand in Fut Champions, I also feel it was lucky to have...
I'M BACK! LIVE Today we have a suicidal mission: To win minimum matches in less than HOURS in FIFA ...LO...
WHICH VERSION DO I BUY?
Narration included :v live at
Squad Battles Rewards ‍
Although the game has only been running for a short time, the community was already getting impatient...
On one!
Something good had to happen to me in "games" today.
NEW VIDEOOOOOO WE HAVE MADE A WORLD RECORD IN ENTER NOW AND DO NOT MISS IT
What a disaster this has been for years. I hope you'll take pity on those of us who play these do...
In Legend mode (or Player career) you cannot control the whole team as you can in ???
We don't all have the same talent. ....
I've never gotten off to such a bad start with the easy passes, a piece of crap.
For you, which would be the best fifa squad at the moment?
CARLOSSSS
We arrived at . One more step.
First goal with the Qualifications Result. Thank you, my first son was.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Follow me and watch live from I'm live on Twitch - You can see me on
Come on, fuck! FUT Champions (12-0)
Elite Squad Battles, little things of life Lionel ...
Somebody tell me what I'm doing wrong in I'm not given
It will be played in an exhibition tournament at the Argentina Game Show Coca-Cola For Me ...
Mr. Maddison, welcome to the club.
This year's Ultimate version of .
Well it's not bad! Good things have touched!! Let's go those two walkers!!! Uruguay
Either I win -7 or I lose -2!! Don't suck! Fix the defense! I feel like I'm the Veracruz.
Classified North America! These are the players who will travel to the first event of the year ...
Guys...!!! Today I think he's going out
I've opened my Squad Battles rewards from my mobile and guess. He touched me... NOTHIN'!
Diego Gomez is the champion of the
Good start
Not so bad the envelope of the edition
Ehhh good goal isn't it?
Deactivating Ozuna's song in it is the best thing I've ever done.
Go get her.
Elite Apartment
A list of the grades of the ones in the ️
finishing gutchampions // ejo ejo ejo
Tomorrow on the channel
I don't know if it's for the hour or what But I don't understand that a medium player costs -33k and another with more than k 🤷‍
The best was this goal of Gio seems easy, but it was very quick to profile it for the left hand. It was in legendary ehhh...
The peña as it inflates the prices in the
Yesterday I got to goals and assists in games, with this goal. A pleasure for me to wear the...
To one of the miracle
Seeking Leadership Chapter live at
And taking advantage of the fact that I was in semipro, I sent myself the heroic with Pickford 🤣
I don't focus on achieving goals in Squad Battles for prizes... I always played in legendary and team building...
TIME TO END A WL
Improve each of your skills and create a career in professional football. Take advantage of this weekend's pre...
I open Thread with the templates that served me to make the Icon Exchange Online, this Premier League...
LAST GAME! FINALISIMA!!
How good Giovanni LoSe is at
Well, first defeat. Between the turkey team and his fucking Turkish passion for matchmaking. I...
I thought you weren't coming.
There's no game more pay to win than
NOT SO MUCH THANK YOU HP
What a correcalles, even the lameest one throws you at the door.
End of training! Today if very good training by all this is the way to follow kids. ️️‍️
Improve each of your skills and create a career in professional football. Take advantage of this weekend's pre...
The truth that the one that they have lied in fortnite... In the lian to put some SBC like the other day the icons, c...
The " International Soccer of SEGA Mega Drive " in the form of !!! years ago h...
Prediction of the . Complicated by national team matches and EA madness
And early tomorrow they'll have an investment list of the Scream teams and themes.
Guys! And here are the investments of the marquees. They are the most likely matches, but you know that with EA never...
Friends, I'm finishing installing it and I have to admit: I'm nervous.
Let's go to the live draw!
Guys! That's where I pass other players who could get IF. I put them at risk because of the high cost that...
good rewards of futdraf nos h...
finals ahead!! IT'S POSSIBLE!
The connection hasn't helped but after a gold last week, we got the first elite of the year. Let's go for...
Elite in my first FUT Champions! We got off to a good start.
Let's give it to him that it's mole de olla 🤤
I'm sick and tired of it's fucking bullshit what they've made yellow by touching a player eulsiones v...
Isco never disappoints me...
And there's a trick of secured panels in pulling out panels as if there were no tomorrow!!!....
Another one, wins, losses. Gold My unpaid equipment, no other world. VOLTA ESTAFA!
It's time for a little FUT Champions
It's nice to play with this one in .
DARAYA CHAMPIONS CUP Final of the first edition of our tournament ! ️| 🆚 ...
Number One!
First face-to-face tournament in which I encourage myself to register and participate. group phase points and...
THE BEST OF ULTIMATE TEAM! HOW TO DO via
You know, definitely in the not-too-distant future psychology will include a type of psychomotor disorder caused by...
Doorman if you go out
He came to the eSports Box today. Would you like to see how he plays?
First free-kick goal in Ultimate v.
Oh, really?
LAST FUT CHAMPIONS MATCHES!
The handicap does not exist big hahahahahahaha pulling all the colors and yet I lose. You have to...
Anyone who wants to catch his or her own half ▶️▶️ MD
Improve each of your skills and create a career in professional football. Take advantage of this weekend's pre...
Mother of mine sonaldo....
Waltcott's no longer at his best and he's a witness.
enjoying his prize for being the winner of! In addition it accompanies him that thanks to...
Template creation challenge. Hybrid of garters.
What do you think about
Do you have Fifa Ultimate Team accounts? Do you have an open market in the mobile App or Web App of...
It's a shame your product Having the problem of connection with fifa ultimate team as well as...
In the meantime Fortnite and Epic games are back, I remind you that if we get to subscribers, I'll draw copies of the ...
Apparently they hacked into my Ea account and when I get in it asks me for verification with an email that I've never seen? A…
Injugable is little.
Currently competing at: ️ ️...
Tqm FIFA (I love you too)
First FUTCHAMPIONS of I can't complain
Deception, the connection at this hour is disastrous.
Detail! A woman referee in fifa
We are in Twitch people! of the DEMON!
It's very unfortunate (as was my connection on Friday), but I have to make do with Gold this week in...
Great detail!! Equality!! a female referee small details that are cool!
Jajajajajaja
How's your FUT weekend? Mine as always.
weekly rewards and my new staff | FIFA UT ORO FUT CHAMPI............................................................................................................................................................................................................................. …
The football duel ends with victory for our country
represented in seconds
I sell FIFA coins! I'm not playing anymore and I sell them. Speak to the MD
I'm sure Siri or Alexa would comment better on the games than Lama and Paco.
Walkaaaaaaaaa
Touch DESPEDIR PLAYOFFS and get to ASCENSO SALFORD CITY PLAYOFFS ... …
I need you Next fortnight you'll be mío🤭
() We already have crying in! |
I mark my goal of these "Icon Swaps" in getting Patrick Kluivert, I think it looks very good. If later...
Not following the League of Legends and prefer to see some of it? No problem, you can go through the...
We continue with Soccer Sunday ️
EA SPORTS OFFICIAL COMMUNICATE Since fortnite is over, don't buy, we can't handle anyone else...
| Today we update the template of the FIFA20 PROCLUBS mode with another one in attack. With the dorsal, with a...
Let's look on the bright side, if there is no more Fortnite, we can dedicate much more time to the best football simulator...
At last
Fucking game, look what's causing fut champions.
One more Orito!
A bunch of nonsense the new gameplay of
| Today we update the FIFA20 PROCLUBS mode template with one in attack. With the dorsal, it arrives...
OFFICIAL PRESENTATION | The ex-player of the joins our project. Imbalance and goal so...
That's me playing 🤣
It's your turn to show off your moves and win a $3,500 MXN pool at the Games Celebratio tournament...
When you take those free throws you like so much. Goal! !!
I got the letter from mini Ozil
Week pessima but good I leave it (14/16) losing penalty shootouts.. It will be necessary to improve even more ...
Discover the new FIFA Global Series ball. Available now!
How many whores get out of the connection.
It's embarrassing that it makes us play the Spanish players in such lamentable conditions...
Dybala and Verratti, stars of the fourth Team of the Week of
Let's go!
All right, guys. I'm going to record a game at the . It's up to you to comment which game you want me to upload to Youtube.
riddled with bugs. Matches that don't give you points, seasonal experience that disappears... A hell of a...
I've been playing football games since FIFAs ISS/PES Pc Football Manager Football Player Manager ... Y …
This is the most irregular game I've played since the one I've been playing. You are the best in the world winning -0 in the...
UEFA Uero? I'd better get to where he is.
Till the porfiiin comes out something.
That I fixed the coachman he's got in Career Mode.
In this current one there are many bargains to invest for the future.
Children if you like to spend some time by the direct that is playing ...
Things that will never happen but only in the . ATLAS CHAMPION
Internet elorer is better than your servers
UNTIL COVERAGE ARRIVES With the elimination of the Spaniards who were left in play, we have to say goodbye...
A filthy the... Don't buy the worst game in years.
PASES to reach the rival area and convert. This was Ocampos's goal, in Argentina's -1 against Ecuador. D...
LET'S TRY TO FIX THE FUTCHAMPIONS!!!
Still no ... Jajajajajaja
What do I offer on GamePlanet for the ...
Alvaro ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ...
The love I have for you is not normal
POTM These are the Bundesliga Player of the Month nominees Who takes him? Coutinho
FUT CHAMPIONS parties are left, I hope the connection accompane and the hands
THREE PLAYERS - THEN BRACKETS and face lesser known players but not for it...
Natas Legends ready! Let's hope something good comes out. Who finished it and what came out of it? ...
I get this in and I frighten my mother via
The PC is salvation!
Investment list for boys! At the moment these are the candidates, later I update it with the countries...
NEW VIDEO!!!!
But this is FIFA's shit!
It's time to renew for the new season in the with Thanks to...
Well, thank you very much...
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
I completely agree, guys! From next week I will look for gold on Friday and already Saturday and Sunday...
we started the same as yesterday ... I get live and start losing games, this is incredible ... the aid to ...
We are pleased to announce that Reyna Racing Team will sponsor the following season of ...
Another one.
I am looking for Clubs Pro team I am LD
Very good to all, boys!! I woke up and I realized that we have already reached the k of followers and they are really aggravated...
I'm really saturated with and it's only the second week. A month ago I said that what I liked most was...
MIROOOO
Tomorrow we start the preseason tournament pro clubs created by where we started in the...
The new league is coming the first days of November do not stop scoring your team in ! A...
Playing triangulazo is for the mentally handicapped
That's how I lose a FUT Champions match.
I don't know how it went in him but in him it's gone out, they ran.
By the time the patch for career mode?? we need a solution now!! let's go!
I'm going to spend some time live doing the challenges to get the icons of Pasad and enjoy the...
Once again the best player guess how much score they gave him for the ...
Street football is present in and your pitch is the world. Make the most of this weekend's spec...
The Spiderman, a spider web simulator. The red dead, a horseback riding simulator. FIFA, a simulator...
FUTC AND FINAL TRUÑITE EVENT
| ATHANS SUPERCLUBS FIFA20 ALREADY HAS GROUPS! As of tomorrow our pre-season competition begins...
Today we will announce a surprise for this week! Would you like to meet our players?
º free kick of foul in Clubs Pro Hopefully the first of muchos️
For para para, you are telling me that the same functionalities of the legendary "paletools" of this m...
I didn't remember pq in Fifa I only lasted two months with the game, what rubbish, the connection is a whore ...
I hate going to penalty shootout, my chance of winning there is.
SEVENTH ROUND: * Defeat of -4 vs GLOBAL: -3 (Eliminated)
I am looking for a team for Twitter: Position: Mc, mco, mcd Eerience: years in .ª division.VFO Silver...
We're already live on Twitch and YT ...
FIFA TRUCO PANEL INSURED via ...
FIFA was the best-selling game in Spain during the month of September - -
We arrive at the END of the FUT CHAMPIONS !! Will we get a GOLD or ? - FIFA ... …
Let's go with the first FUT Champions of people! Let's hope he doesn't cry too much.
= vote gooo
I understand that for the Iñaki Williams is the current and best player in the world. …
and for PC and I decide to get married next year 🤦
letters sold Listadas ayer :45 ️
After leaving yesterday with a painful -8, we needed a miraculous -2 today to match last week's milestone. M…
We have new image in canal🤟 Today we will release this image with: ⏰19.30 live new tempora...
I share a template TOP and BARATA to compete in Pros: Defense and MCs fast and rocky Front...
We continue with the early goals in VOLTA Football. Mamma mia!
We're still LIVE with my first ! -Will we get the gold?
I think it's the worst fifa they've had in years. It's disgusting to play
I'm live! We're still in FUTchampions. Join the Mohican tribe, remember that you can subscribe to G...
THE BEST TRADEO DE FIFA
When you start a fut draft and you get keylor in Madrid ...
THIS IS FUCKING BULLSHIT.
The son of a bitch who came up with the idea of putting the challenges on Rivals tell him he's a sick fuck.
Parameters dt Gabriel Heinze
That's how I saw the Internationals of the decisive MVP Very good first pair...
DESGUSTANG.
FIFA reaches millions of players in just two weeks - -
What about this GOLAZO I scored on VOLTA Football?
This one's overtaking me. I mean... me thinking the connection couldn't be worse than Division Rivals...
I don't understand why I get pts and they're downgrading me for that. ....
Graphic description of how it feels to play a Sunday: *I think it's time to fix the served...
They have lowered me to elite and on top of that yesterday I was playing and they didn't give me points 🤬🤬🤬 I don't understand this squad battle.
Thank God I didn't buy the .
And again bad connection, that tortured play this game that shame
I got Allan in one of the worst envelopes. I sold him. These SBCs must always be made if they are so easy...
celebrates the millions of users in ,
Gold with my Wakandians &lt;3. I have remaining games but I don't think I can play them. Satisfied %.
La Carrarese Academy presents: |Rosa /20 |EN/ED 🥅| ...
Sudden team change, gg.
What transfers do you recommend for my Race Mode with Racing Santander in ?
Having a great Sunday at the beach
The CR7 beast arrived.
We make gold! -10
Well we end up with .. at least we end up in gold but seen what we just hu...
You can say whatever you want but it's a perfect game that is never buguea
Win millions of coins thanks to ! Get now the best Tradeo guide in the market and with...
WHEN KALIDOU PULLS OUT THE MEMBER
We bring you the complete solution to the Template Creation Challenge ... Hybrid of League and...
We bring you the complete solution to the Template Creation Challenge ... Hybrid of League and...
I don't understand why a sports simulator has to have a handicap. But on top of that it goes in favor of the player who doesn't...
WE STARTED THE FUT CHAMPIONS MARATHON.
Does anyone know if the swap icons also appear on SBC?
Good! Does anyone else have a problem finding no rival in Rivals or Champions League? I have passed these...
Mother of mine just tried him and he's got a glove on his foot...... Everything you shoot with a special shot goes inside.
Well for lack of matches I get to gold3, where I was in the previous Little by little improving ...
If you haven't seen the episode of Career Mode, here's the link, you can't miss it!
Hugo LllllOooooooris!!!!!
Thank you for the k hybrid I made some changes and I'm doing very well
What can you play offline? Stroke mode continues to fail
I play more shit. Assholes.
LET'S GET THE GOLD!
Magic numbers for : reaches millions of players
games played, but I already have what it takes to get started
Good morning, sir.
Instant sub ronaldo
Today my latency doesn't turn yellow... forget about futchampions, don't waste my time on this. Filthy company
Don't suck on defense in helpmeeeeee! I don't want to be a sieve 🥴
Good morning/night to all! Today at :00 we will have a new video with our where we continue to ...
Take an exclusive t-shirt and a DLC with extra content as a gift for your FIFA purchase at ....
So you can beat me at SQUAD BATTLES LADRONES AND STAFFERS OF MERDA.
I put only pesos in Fifa Coins and this I could put together, we'll see how we do this year, add in PS4 | MX1905_...
What the gold cost
And well, another one that stopped playing in a "competitive" way, the previous one stopped playing in December and the...
The popular already has more than millions of players around the world...
That gameplay volta of simply DEL PUTAS
My brother had tantrums last night because according to him, in the referee did not mark me anything, laughed while he scored the goal.
A little bit of a Saturday night
Since my EuroTigers didn't even play today, I had to make my own champagne football...
It's been an exhausting day. A while from and to the envelope
No matter what they say the net this asshole
My first idol in
short pass precision -
The arbitral "criterion" is a shit if it is in your favor only remain in yellow, if it is against you RED ...
night of
We continue with the strengths of our boys, this time it's the turn of two of our defenders! Gucci...
celebrates the millions of users in
I'm selling 00,000 coins. Interested in MD only accepted PSN cards
They come back home on Saturdays! Touch play and then see!!!!!
It's shit like every year the futchampions, you have to play early in the morning so that everything goes more or less well.
What it takes to score a goal in this shitty game
Well, nothing, guys! Today we leave it -8, gold secured and tomorrow we see if we try to climb to gold /1 or is enough...
I don't know what he's done with Play right now. My remote's disconnected, and I can't connect either of them. It's unbelievable.
We got here fast..._.
The ball floats or it's possessed. Get your batteries!
These things cause the bad connection
SALE OF FIFA20 COINS FOR PS4 - - -
CHIVAS VS AMERICA ROOMS OF FINAL (FIFA CAREER MODE) | TRÁILER I share the trailer...
How's that fut going? What's up? Come on, guys, let's get your results.
List of those still alive in the FUTChampions Qualifier!
Come on
Ben Yedder disguised as Long live football!
Buó apparently anchored me here, nor do I add points, not bad at all considering that I started this date on Wednesday ...
Well, another week in gold! It's not bad two in a row, it's good and I've got too many games that I'm not going to...
Carlos?
Tiring day like yesterday, I'm frustrated and looking for a way to stay calm when I lose a game in FUT...
Marco the -0 the rival pulsa pause, I thought it was going, I give him to continue, countdown of seconds... stays p...
I don't know why I wouldn't transmit FUT Champions just because I have to verify myself. There's pressure, yes, but I also want...
bad leg stars
With much affection for our For more content, visit ...
Fuck! A thousand for PS4. They spend these roosters
FIFA20 Tournament Register at the following link to participate in the great tournament of ...
MY RIVALS DIVISION REWARDS AND NIGHT OF FIFA PARTIES! via
Here begins our story we are ready to start on our way in the league FMVP d...
monster chapeau, playing all the second part in your field wasting time with a tie... at this level play the ge...
It is a success for millions of players, who have surpassed the millions of parti...
What am I farting with? We were going part-time, he pulls the cable and they tell me how to...
That disgusts the CPU in Career Mode and that's in Ultimate. At some point you will change this mode that is all r...
The connection would have to return the mita of those who bought you the game.
Street football is present in and your pitch is the world. Make the most of this weekend's spec...
And this image is a perfect summary of why we get our eggs from people who defend like that. Literal is to throw to...
Well, we're not missing anything anymore.
I'm starting to control the attacks more 🤣
We arrived at the equator of Cachimba match wins + beer = to follow 🤣
Well said and done, let's go to the mess 🤪
online games to played with the . Rivals: x14 x7 x5 (¿?)....
So far so good
Volta is horrible, disgusting moves almost the same as the normal game have another year for...
the worst fifa in fucking history.
I don't know why I don't get squad battle scores now.
Morales is the best player in a long time not enjoyed with a player who is not TOP or dozens of TOP...
Guys, I have a question. How many latency lines do DR or FC generally play with? The Leo Messi
Conference by gringo Heinze in Velez
Waiting... Waiting for the connection of the Compadre raulruizfoto dobler.lopez.31 to go to bed hot...
I'm a scumbag on wtf
he is a fucking mockery, the worst investment of my life: mismanagement of control, bad graphics, equipment without lice ...
At the moment... INVICT!!!
Evening while the night comes! It is necessary to go out to rumbear ome
Registration is now open for the Uruguayan Cup of FUT More information in the group Faceb...
As I hate those people who play online and when you go wiggling a wiggle... "YOUR RIVAL HAS DISCONNECTED"...
to play in Rivals... It touches me with a ctm that has Ter Stegen in the goal, and Hazard with Rashford as striker...
New Arthur
️ Three weeks after the launch of FIFA, the game surpassed the millions of players and since the development of...
The famous Yoo ji has
Avis ?
-5 WE START DIRECTOO
For me I get the play the little brother
In the Great Hall Corferias - Pavilion we tell you all about the new mode of, FIFA VOLTA, and you can also...
I share with you the rest of the SBC solutions. Ando cruzado didn't give me shit...
WE'RE LIVE ON MY CHANNEL FROM PLAYING TO ON! Here you have the link in case I love you...
First match of the night 🤬🤬🤬 ️
Huge hit. What makes it real is the stretch of the goalkeeper who comes to touch the ball.
Street football is present in and your pitch is the world. Make the most of this weekend's spec...
TRADEO CHANGE OF POSITION! TO WIN K PER HOUR IN U... via
This is how Zidane moves with the LAMENTABLE connection. The sihuiente tuit shows you the difference.
Street football is present in FIFA and your pitch is the world. Take advantage of this weekend's special price....
Enfia o muro no cu, Trump.
Rafael Santos Borre
People are taken very seriously got angry just because they celebrated goals
SERGIO RAMOS today played his game with the SPANISH SELECTION with which he overcame IKER CASILLAS as a player with the best...
Prediction The halt in the National Teams makes it a little difficult to choose some candidates for the...
We started UT ⬇️
Dybala and Verratti, stars of the fourth Team of the Week of
SATURDAY SATURDAY SATURDAY CARE FUT TE LA.......
At least with Giardino's magic I don't hear my own whores thanks to the GAME that is Walter Gia...
THE BEST VERSION OF TONIGHT IN THE - NORWAY (MINUTE PENALTY DRAW) . WHAT A REAL ONE THIS IS.
Investments How to Complete Weekly Objectives Predictions of Challenges Awnings for Career Mode And more...
unwelcome... shit.
At last I have my favorite icon purchased
TOMORROW DIRECT FROM WHAT? ‼️
This is my FUT team.
kids rat edition
I don't know what the target is going to be.
I have touched firminho, okay k, my squad is the league santander, what do I do, sell it and buy me benzema?
The goals scored by my rivals make me want to stamp the remote on the wall
Someone who gives me a hand in Shooting, press next to the button to shoot the other to give quality?
Chelsea Career Mode
Do you have everything ready to give the best of yourselves in the competitive of ?
OFFICIAL PRESENTATION | We welcome the talented mediapunta from . We are...
Days left for the event ...
There is hardly any handicap, what a disgusting video game
Tomorrow more, finished the first rounds our Pro FIFA Players continue in the qualifying phase....
The team that I'm getting into with the, is typical of .
Magic numbers for : reaches millions of players
Today's last round of qualifiers has just begun, the winners of these matches will be the first to be announced by the...
We are in the first qualifying round of the FIFA tournament in the shopping mall ...
FIFTH ROUND: Victory of -2 vs GLOBAL: -1 Victory of -1 vs...
If you change your map I'll never play it again and I'll move on to
Doing my lightning tournaments with the demo of why it's so good
minute and wasting time in your field what wonder of players there are in this
Finishing FutChampions -, it's true what they say that you want to split the controls
How nice it is to play Fut Champions for God's sake!
There is nothing worse programmed than the MCDs of , but in all their editions. It's "covering" a campground...
The blessed improvements.
Well, you wear it warm.
Play Fut Champions to win the guy who just wants to shoot with his cavani, suarez or Christian either from afar or...
We start with direct elimination.
surpassed the millions of players and thanks him with gifts for his fans
The rain is coming... Time to start
My first international match 🇳🇴 ...
Go to urge and participate for a and ticket.
Casillas, Mata, Iniesta, Pedro, Joaquín... what a team in the Fifa of half retired Spaniards I'm making myself hahahah
Discover the new FIFA Global Series ball. Available now!
Shall we go up for a game?
The same desire put Hazard to the photo that EA to the .
I'M GOING CRAZY.
handicap. . ZMTB0OJ IRN9
AT LAST! I leave you the first episode of Career Mode on my Youtube channel. You can subscribe to the...
…
Here we are in the con! Playing a little and...
handicap. . JCXI O7S
Volta the second most played game mode...but because the rest is all broken!
FOURTH ROUND: Defeat of -1 vs GLOBAL: -1 Defeat of -3 vs...
No way to burn.
handicap. . RCN4SSS49I
handicap. . W232Q P
Do you like to win without deserving it?
I go from having a whole fucking year of wanting to punch and be pissed, I always get goal, all the rebo...
Not Bad Sergio Ramos 🇪🇸 &amp; Ederson 🇧🇷
Which game do you think is more real, him or him?
EASY WAY TO COMPLETE THE ...
erased I don't want to know more about that shitty game
I'm not winning a single one on this day.
You had a good day to hit it, didn't you? The same in a while we plugged direct from ! uwu
Golazo Waco, Texas
Little by little the team is formed (I'm terrible)
Arthur Romo, and JM Vans in the Group and . He only suffered one defeat against UZIEL FC. Let's go...
Today continues our path to that of online qualifiers for the FUT Champions League...
Let's see when they fix the career mode.
The second stop is so real... Well, as the
People I remind everyone that for the web app of if they want to snipe using keyboard keys are the pa...
The impatience that we have before the Tournament 🥳 We already have all the prizes of ...
Congratulations, you're the winner! We'll contact you by MD. Everyone else, stay...
Is there any son of a bitch who cares about winning in this one?
NEW VIDEOOOOOO GUYS. SHARE AND GIVE IT LIKE, SUBSCRIBE IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY...
So my teams for games with First Owner players
I have a friend who doesn't get mad at fifa at all.
I understand the idea of differentiating the Regions by EA but certain leagues look very bad (latin) and even a...
And you... you think everything you ask for is a scam? SUBSCRIBE MY TY...
Today they released a group of SBC. They are SBC easy to make and give some interesting envelope (envelope of player...
NEW SBCS These are very unique and interesting requirements. °° °° …
We have a new SBC group, CHICOS! "Undisputed legends." They're templates. There's no asking for half. Dan About...
We already have 23 trades in
Everything good about the gameplay of if you play FUT you lose it...it's a fucking garbage...there's no such thing as football...
Primer FUT Champions de mi vida y ORO ! Nada mal no?
CAMBIANDO SUERTE EN SOBRES !! FUT PANEL CAMINANTES O TODOS ? Nos levantamos con ganas de abrir sobres y ga…
Mejor Delantero No Me Pudo Tocar en el 🇮🇹
CAMBIANDO SUERTE EN SOBRES !! FUT PANEL CAMINANTES O TODOS ? vía gastant…
Lo de los servidores es horrible ,no se puede jugar los centrales de los otros equipos se mueven más ágiles que mis…
Nos metimos a la Copa y a la segunda fue la vencida.
Street football is present in and your pitch is the world. Make the most of this weekend's spec...
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
Fracaso total de la manifestación contra en vía: MeriStation
Pfff, como esta quedando la nueva imagen del canal, con eso ya estaríamos al % listos para darlo todo🤟 …
Corran a ver la eliminatoria de , y apréndanse los nombres, pronto estos jugadores serán los profesionale…
círculo de oración para: Que ️ ️ ️ No me haga ️ l…
Lo que traen las marquesinas! Jaja
TERCERA RONDA: Victoria de -0 vs GLOBAL: -0 Derrota de -3 vs…
Aprovecho esta pausa de los para recordaros que estamos SORTEANDO un ¡Participar es MUY SENC…
Hoy inicia el Clasificatorio de de NorteAmérica. Les dejamos la lista de los participantes de …
Porfin un buen sobre carajo. Vamos Geri!!!
A tomar la lecheee
¡Estamos por empezar! En unos segundos comienza la transmisión de la primera eliminatoria presencial de FIFA. Nos e…
llena sus estadios con millones de jugadores. .
Equipo para mi primer de
Noticias frescas en La Madriguera! Metemos una pata en el sector de acompañados de , que viene co…
Y seguimos sumando en Fut Champions.
A por los ICONOS gratis! en directo
Les comparto esta toxicidad de en
Vamos por los nuevos Iconos gratis!!!
A prórroga contra un tío así... Que juego tan lamentable... Menos mal que he ganado al Handicap 🤫 …
¿Que tal va el fut Champions, chicos? 🧐🧐
DERBI de las Midlands del Este por la CIMA // Capítulo Season DT Equipo: F…
Nuevo Misilllllll de zapato_rapido jugador del arriba los leones!!!!
Anoche bajé el y es increible como cambia el tiempo de descarga con una Internet decente! gb en hr. …
Estoy en directo! Vamos a por el primer FUTchampions de . Uniros a la tribu mohicana, recordad que podeis su…
Esta año habíais hecho Un buen juego de fútbol xa que lo disfruten los alemanes e ingleses..en espa…
Asi está la clasificación después de la primera jornada de la toda la info en…
Clasificación Bundesliga
¿Necesitas ayuda con tu equipo de Ultimate Team en ? ¡Estos jugadores son grandes opciones!
Se acabó lo que se daba • • • • • …
Hoy voy a conocer en persona a un ICON de . Estoy nervioso. Al ratito les enseño foto ️
Goal
Streaming | ¿Os apetece un poco de ? Pues entrad al directo;
¡COMENZAMOS DIRECTO DE ! ️ No te pierdas a , capitán de en nuestro canal:
🇫🇷 POGBA FIFA 🇫🇷 °° °° Vaya pedazo de carta tenía POGBA en Fifa , lo más gracioso es que era media 🤔. ¿Q…
ES BELLÍSIMO ️️ ¡Así se ve nuestro en ! Si todavía no lo tienen, aquí les regalamos uno:…
Me encanta el playlist de !!
Cuando quieras...
Muchas gracias
Así despierto un sábado sin escuela 🤪
New video on the channel!
JUGANDO **ULTIMATE TEAM**
Si alguno de zona sur juega al fut champions que avise y sale esos grupo pa cagarse de risa
SEGUNDA RONDA: Victoria de -1 vs GLOBAL: -0 Victoria de -4 vs…
Street football is present in FIFA and your pitch is the world. Take advantage of this weekend's special price....
¿ y ? Una batalla de que deben juzgar ustedes mismos...
Jugada con clase del Inter de Lukaku &amp; cia.
¿Quién recreó mejor a los jugadores? ¿ o ? Detalles
La eterna batalla entre y Juzgue usted mismo
Tirazo de en vistiendo los colores del
Va a ser así todo el dia ?
FIFA was the best-selling game in Spain during the month of September - -
Anda y ve la pelota te está esperando homenajeando a en
Mañana :30 "especial" videos,como acabará esto...
partidos con Cruyff baby, menudo animal
Ya tengo equipo de para esta temporada.
Resumen de FUT DRAFT, valoración de la plantilla .
New video on the channel!
-1 empezamos en ,muy buenas sensaciones la verdad,derrota la verdad que bastante dura pq eres superi…
JUGANDO **ULTIMATE TEAM** vía
Los del lo tienen igual de claro que los del ...
Ostia puta no sabia que en salia la canción de Que calor de
EMPEZAMOSS!! VAMOS FATAL -2 PERO LLEGÓ EL MEJOR JUGADOR AL EQUIPO!!
Si te gusta , es muy posible que haga que tus tardes en Twitch sean más entretenidas
ABRO HILO Jugadores SBC de completados!
COMO FUNCIONA OS ICON SWAPS! FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM via
FIFA EDUARDO CAMAVINGA 🇨🇩
Y luego dicen que hay hándicap en el no, dónde lo hay es en
Chavales empezamos DIRECTO de vamos a llorar con
PRIMERA RONDA: Victoria de -2 vs Victoria de -4 vs
El mejor juego del mundJAJAJAJAJA
Abro discusión: ¿Qué opinan, hasta el momento, de ?
Meneo gordo para empezar el -0
Nos sumamos al debate. ¿crees que el Ránking de realmente refleja el nivel de los gk's?
Me lastimas
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL JUVENTUS x SCHALKE04 GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay…
Primera temporada, ecuador de la Liga.
¿Preparados? está en directo jugando el primer clasificatorio A por ellos!!️ …
Estaban todos jugando al PES
Hay cosas con las que no se jode
Volvemos a clasificarnos en Oro en de 🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙
Mucha suerte a todos los que empezáis clasificatorio para la primera Futchampions Cup de Quiero veros y n…
Vendo k monedas de FIFA las dejo baratas. DM abierto.
Señores, cuando termine de comer, le damos en directo Fut Champions. Hay que jugar que quedan muchos partidos. Anoc…
FIFA FUTCHAMPIONS!. CONTINÚA EL INFIERNO.
MUY BIEN EA SPORTS
Y así van ya minutos si me salgo y cierro la aplicación me contará como derrota aunque fuese ganando…
Porfavor poneme los el parche para descargar los comentarios de Kempes y Hugo Sánchez!! No soporto e…
Qué hacen los pilotos de cuando un tifón suspende la actividad en pista durante el GP de Japón? Fácil, jueg…
Confirmamos, he vuelto con las faltas en FIFA ya he marcado varios folios de falta …
Vuelve la de , esta vez para el ( - ) de esta tarde. Un i…
El ANTES y el AHORA en una plantilla tras finalizar mi primer FUT CHAMPIONS. Ahora toca hacerse a la nueva planti…
Si os gustan los videojuegos compraros el , si os gusta el fútbol no lo hagáis.
¡Comunidad de Clubes Pro de ! Son muchas las inquietudes, peticiones, sugerencias o quejas que tenéis en c…
En una hora comienza lo bueno, clasificatorio a la primera Fut Champions Cup del año No puedo llegar con mejor…
¿Quieres disfrutar del mejor fútbol pero aún no tienes una ? ¡En ese caso tenemos la solución! Aprovecha aho…
jajaj estaban todos en casa jugando al tragaperras ultimate team
Estoy jugando los Ultimos Partidos de FUT CHAMPIONS en directo people!!
¿Queréis directo de consiguiendo los trueques para conseguir iconos?
¡Cuánta calidad de ! ️ | |
Buenas!! Qué tal vais en Champions? Cuál es vuestro equipo para esta semana?? Y alguien ha empezado ya con lo…
Hacemos el de Fútbol Volta y ni tan mal, nos sale el polaco jejeje, y a vosotros que os a tocado? ️SBC Fútbol…
FIFA y Borderlands dominan las ventas de septiembre en PlayStation Store - -…
Desde lejos |
"INSCRIPCIONES" Siguen abiertas las inscripciones para la va Temp de la FVVP ️🇻🇪…
¡Solo hasta al de octubre hazte con el nuevo en y llévate por solo ,90€ estos auriculare…
Veamos esta alineación que tal quedaría
PERO A QUIEN COJO???
Espero que se digne a actualizar las caras de los jugadores del Barça (Arthur, De Jong... etc). Me par…
Hoy toca la segunda ronda del torneo presencial en el organizado por un lu…
Que me meo. Ni el que lo montó se presentó a ello. Vaientes revolucionarios de sofá 🤣 Y esto queridos amig, es la…
La manifestación contra el tema del matchday de el videojuego queda desierta Creo que esto es bueno ¿no?…
Necesitamos jugadores para la , está son las posiciones de interés. LD/LI, MC/MCD, ED/EI Si están intere…
Tiempo de juego
Después de unos días detrás de ellos, creo q los he cogido a un buen precio. Cambio de titulares en mi cacio defens…
FIFA - Edición Champions para PlayStation * HOY POR SOLO EUR ,99* (PVP EUR…
Y además Bono de Bienvenida hasta euros …
La manifestación en Madrid contra las políticas de EA en se salda con un fracaso estrepitoso
Bueno, ¿Cómo lleváis ? y Encuesta
Dybala and Verratti, stars of the fourth Team of the Week of
La manifestación en Madrid contra las políticas de EA en se salda con un fracaso estrepitoso
Buen uso del palo comonos enseña el tito
No tengáis ninguna duda en pagar los k que vale Nicolas Pepe...es oro puro. (En mi caso me tocó en un sobre).…
Manifestación en contra de FIFA termina siendo objeto de burla 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
este juego es la mayor basura
¡LLEGAN LOS ICON SWAPS A ! En total habrá un total de tokens que se consiguen mediante objetivos. Para c…
Transmisión PlayStation ! (FIFA ) \ CUTRE TV FIFA BASURA CHAMPIONS en
Buenos días/noches a tod! Hoy dos vídeos nuevos. A las :00 con nuestro en una nueva final y nuev…
Pta ahora si me puedo ir a dormir feliz carajo, un argentino de mierda me estaba ganando y le volteo el partido en…
Aquí tenéis los resultados del Noruega-España de
Un delay maravilloso y seguimos -3 en futchampions, Cada día peor
No fue tan mal en este sobre de ks Intentalo bajo tu propio riesgo
Primer carta de Cambio de iconos, Gana partidos de
Nada como llegar y jugar
Dcp Noruega vs España sbc
El primero, quiero ese Hugo Sánchez
Fútbol Volta Dcp sbc
Esta vez cada vez que puedo jugar empiezo por los rivales de similar media a mi equipo hasta sumar todos los puntos…
Perdiendo a y en el min marcó el a y el rival pulsa pausa se desconecta y resulta que el partido queda n…
Luego fui por Rep. Ricardo Kaká plantilla destacada... empecé ganando con este golazo... me rajaron a Winks perdí …
Tantas amarillas vas a sacar por ir a trabar con el cuadrado? de mierda
Con el equipo en fase dos y en level legendario le jugué al Hasta hice festejar mi segundo gol... al dt riv…
EN VIVO LLoros y mas lloros
En minutos le damos a los lloros en hd
FIFA | *SBC* FUTBOL VOLTA | SIN LEALTAD | Mascoota vía !!
Para mi un buen jugador de o es aquel que logra emular el fútbol real en el vídeo juego, claro que…
Te quiero tanto, Kun. . ️
¡Ya conocieron algunos de nuestros talentos! Pero, ¿Saben en qué se especializan? ¡Descubranlo! ¡Comenzamos con HGS…
Hola video nuevo en mi canal …
¡El inicio de las ligas está cada vez más cerca, por ello, les presentamos algunos de los jugadores de esta institu…
Directo SEMANA con educamuri via
AGuardado18
Pásenle a con jugando el
intenta emular un juego real de fútbol y lo hace bien... Alguien elique qué es lo que está haciendo el se…
Noche de !
En el -que es malísimo, ni lo compren- le pusieron bigotes al gato Formica.
Puedo hagarrar a Ferdinand y a Okocha o a Ferdinand y Guardiola. Que opinan?
El rostro no está bien hecho, pero ya marcó Fito en mi equipo 🤭🤫
¡Primer Icono que me sale en !
FIFA | Modo Carrera: Chivas | “POR CHIVAS ES MORIR POR MATAR” | | FIN DE TORNEO REGULAR…
Y quien pierda se tiñe el pelo de azul ! Espero no ser yo 🤣
esto ers fifa
Toca seguir con el FUT Champions
KOG Colombia felicita a los ganadores a entradas al y que disfruten al máximo la mejor feria a nivel nac…
El mejor regalo que le pueden dar a un hombre ️
Diré tal cual lo que pienso. He visto jugar mucho tiempo y se me figura al PES de hace años. Los pases s…
Me quedan partidos aún y victorias necesito un milagro esta semana para ser oro ... y con mejor plantilla...…
Vamo ahí con el
Los Jugadores Hondureños que más se parecen en el Creo que El Tambito Acosta quedó Igualito.
Mi sobrino feliz con uno de los regalos que me pidió jajajaja Modo y
Gracias a todos los que se pasaron por el stream y a todos los que participaron por el Esta vez…
"El Caminho"
Si el modo carrera funcionara Volta sería el tercero
Por que no te ponen los partidos que te quedan restantes en FUT CHAMPIONS?
¿A quién le doy una pela en a las ya? Salu2
Y bue habrá que jugar al ️
Estoy jugando un partido de fut champions y voy perdiendo pero es un partido donde sabes que todo va estar mal…
¿Ya jugaron el con la Monarquía? Sigue con el nuevo modo Más info:…
Primer cañito de la temporada
Hoy Petete FC debuta en el asi que los esperamos en el directo para alentar desde la tribuna... dale…
¡Se está poniendo bueno en stream! Si me sale un Icon, sorteo ,000 FIFA POINTS Si sale un jugador de +, sort…
Lucas Mouraaaaaaaaaaaaa ️
🇻🇪 Salomón Rondón
Todo dicho este juego no es para mi aún mostrando un nivel increible, lo que me pasa en este juego no le pasa a nad…
Gol a favor mio traspasa a lloris
En el pack intransferible de season rewards,genial para los objetivos de first owner
JUGANDO A TODA LA NOCHE !!
Actualizaron el y NO PUEDO GANAR NI UN PARTIDO PONGO CUALQUIER DEFENSOR Y DAN TODOS ASCO. OTRA VEZ LO ARRUI…
Alguien que juegue clubes pro?
Inventor de si te pitan los oídos esta noche, sí, soy yo el culpable. Cagoentusmuelas
Para festejar que tiene millones de jugadores, regalará VOLTA COINS a todos los miembros de su comu…
I hate you
Esta de la verga.
Que cosas pasan en FUT20
Mi Tarde de Se las recomiendo
Y así es como se deja uno la pasta en jugadores que luego no valen pa na
Cambios en el equipo por culpa de ese Ramos en mejora de oro. Arrancamos -1 por ahora en FUT Champions. ¿Cómo vien…
Injugable FUTCHAMPIONS de injugable 🤮🤮🤮
Limpiatelarañas nivel Jesucristo.
ESTAMOS EN VIVO SORTENADO Vente ️
Mis primeras Recompensas de Fut champios
¡Es todo un éxito! rompe récords impresionantes, entérate aquí …
URUGUAYOOOOOOOOOOO
vamooossss
Gracias a los que os habeis pasado por el directo. Siento ver cortao hoy antes de tiempo pero esta injugable!! El v…
Es normal esto?? No me deja hacer cambios ni cambiar de formación ni de tácticas ni nada Alguna ayuda ?…
Y modo carrera??? Mmmtaa
De -1 a -0 en los primeros inicios de Fifa18 y Fifa19 estoy -9 en el peor juego nunca antes visto de este depor…
Lo que van los servidores de en Argentina es una vergüenza. . Es realme…
Jugar el Modo Carrera en el con la UC es una obsesión. Primera vez que veo al equipo tan bien hecho, desde…
Veis esto normal.Toda la primera parte asi, son hacks o mala conexion del rival?
Después de una semana de una pésima racha en . Hoy me recuerdan por que disfruto tanto ese juego!!!! Abrazo
¡ tiene ya más de millones de jugadores! ️ ¿Eres uno de ellos?
Lo que he hecho con Neymar es impresionante
Chicos!! No me había dado cuenta y Twitter me acaba de notificar. Justo hoy se hace año que abrimos esta cuenta.…
Pasión, Identidad y Profesionalismo. …
FIFA reaches millions of players in just two weeks - -
EA Sports celebra los millones de jugadores en FIFA
Pues ya termine mi primer FUT CHAMPIONS de con VICTORIAS SOLO. ) Lo bueno que me clasifique para la s…
Solución SBC Orgullo Nacional Alemania
Yo ya no puedo más con no se puede ser tan malo..., da igual que tenga el equipo que tenga, mi rival llega…
Es normal que el marque esto fuera de lugar como gol?
En el directo de hoy en se nota que en el foot champions hay nivel. Toca ponerse las pilas y mejorar. Atenc…
La defensa del otro equipo cuando tiras desde lejos en
ICON SWAPS | EA NOS QUIERE SACAR EL DINERO !!! | QUE DECEPCIÓN DE EVENTO ! | FIFA …
Estoy On! Voy a estar jugando unos partidos de FUT CHAMPIONS y después cocinando alfajores, si quieren pasarse a ve…
Puto futchampions, no me acordaba lo asqueroso que era jajajja. Se padece y se suda sangre con esos servidores wanana.
¡¡EQUIPAZO!! La que dirige ha superado a Noruega en el de esta tarde. ¡Bu…
A las :00pm estaremos en vivo anunciando los ganadores de los . Los espero acá ️
Bueno ya que salio esto tendre que jugar fut champions.
Paliza gorda y abandona la partida
FIFA20 Objetivos De la Temporada - Octubre …
FIFA20 Objetivos De la Temporada - Octubre …
FIFA20 Objetivos De la Temporada - Octubre …
Continuamos con la semana Nos vemos en vivo en punto de las PM UTC-5. Inscripciones abiertas…
Empezamos en directo con un nuevo fichaje estrella …
ICON 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
millones para
sin fifapoints tambien se puede Estoy en vivo en Twitch, ¡veme en !
Soy el unico que no llevamos ni un mes de y ya esto aburridisimo?
Crack de liga Escocia …
Carta IF?
una vez más y la full delay... pongan servers.!
️ ¿Cuáles son los primeros objetivos para Icon Swap de ? ️ ¿Cuántos tokens cuesta cada Icono? ️ Mejore…
Si le pones dos tiros a los palos, el correspondiente bailecito del rival en el ' y las correspondientes repetici…
Unas ganas de que ni te digo.... 
ESTAMOS EN DIRECTO EMPEZANDO EL FUT LLOROS!!
He escrito en la crónica de la victoria de la de frente a la noruega. Enorme…
Aqui os dejo la cantidad de trueques que necesitais para cada jugador.
Urge Solucion nos dejaron con Estrellas 🤔
️ ya tiene más de millones de jugadores y premiará a los que entren a jugar antes del de octubre.
¡Vaya león! fue el héroe del torneo de entre España () y Noruega ().
Si sigue poniendo cosas asi no lo voy a poder dejar nunca
¡La te lleva el a tu casa! Sumate a la comunidad y ganate el ¿Cómo…
Me ha decepcionado mucho el de . Me gustó muchísimo más de Alex Hunter.
Jugar con cartas de jugadores cedidos en es como quedar con una tía en ... Te piensas que es tu…
Pierdo todos los partidos en el
Si, si ... Mucho icono y mucho todo ¿Y esto? Viernes y no se pueden encontrar partidos para FC? Jajaja
Lo de los Objetivos en es genial, porque nos da algo para hacer en FIFA. Pero EA necesita un modo donde pue…
It's time for a little FUT Champions
Empezamos fin de semana de FUT CHAMPIONS con este equipo.
DIRECTO CONTINUAMOS CON LOS LLOROS, FINIQUITAMOS FUT CHAMPIONS.
Grande leyenda
Disponible en oferta para , que ahora trae por partida doble la emoción del fútbol clásico ju…
- Nuevo jugador que se nos va al exterior! Tras el gran año de el argentino representará al…
NUEVO VIDEO! COMO CONSEGUIR ICONOS GRATIS EN
Seguiríais jugando a después de este partido? Pregunto.
Ya está en el canal de Youtube el siguiente capítulo del modo carrera manager con el fuenlabrada comenzando la liga…
Analizando rápidamente y basado en las stats, faltaría comprobarlo in game: Mejores opciones: Drogba (pero será un…
El modo es una auténtica pasada. Acción, regates, jogo bonito. Un al modo. BRUTAL!
RECOMPENSAS ICONOS SWAP: : Giggs, Nesta : R. Carlos : Crespo, Kluivert, Klose : Ballack, Pirlo : Keane, Ri…
El primer lote de ICONOS de Intercambio está listo . Colecciona tokens a través de SBCs y Objetivos. . Cam…
Lista de iconos y cuantos Trueques se necesitan para obtenerlos, abro hilo: Peter Schmeichel (86) Trueques. Okoc…
Acaban de salir los iconos swap!! Y tokens de iconos en objetivos que duran hasta el final de la temporada y l…
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJA TODOS los perros hoy 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 . . . . . . …
Este es mi objetivo en estos ¿Cuál es el vuestro?
Ultimo Trueque de iconos: . Anota con jugadores compramos por era vez en Rivals . Juega partidos de FUT c…
Por fin me diste algo bueno en los sobres del ..
días para la celebración coreana …
Ya salió Icon Swaps. En un rato subo post al blog sobre los objetivos... no parecen demasiado descabellados como pe…
Trueques iconos online: . victorias en Rivals con jug primera adquisición Serie A. . victorias en Rivals co…
Trueques de iconos online: . Gana de FC . Gana de Rivals con jugadores de oro y plantilla max (incluye b…
Dispo
Pero me dio igual. No le seguí el tema. Todo acabo con un "Ok" bien gordo. Por cierto yo gane con el % de posesió…
Con varias mejoras a comparación del primer Fut Champions espero arrancar de la mejor manera …
Ganas de empezar nuevas series y empezar a hacer directos en el canal. Pero, sin parche arreglando el …
Casualidades de la vida que hice varias capturas del partido (por otras razones) pero que ejemplificaban como defen…
División en Division Rivals!
| Nuestro player jugó hoy en la pero no ha podido sumar puntos en la tabla ¡mu…
El susodicho me acuso de usar la defensa de ma CPU. Evidentemente era falso, ya que es una de las cosas que menos m…
Hoy no paramos. | Son los magos del balón, no son Oliver y Benji no. Hoy tenemos el placer de presentaros al te…
A no le da con vender fifas entonces empezó a vender merch.
¡Bienvenido !
Yo no se chavales si esto es un bug o que la gente es asi de guarra pero vaya tela de de menu…
¡Sebastián Sosa 🇺🇾🧤 es el Jugador del Mes de la ! ¿Cuál es la atajada que más recuerdas? ️…
| ¡No pudo en el clásico! Anoche cayó por -1 ante por la semifinal…
En unos minutos debutamos en en SIMRACERS FC!
Chicos. Nuevo episodio VOLTA!!!
Alguien interesado en tradear en el viendo el mercado las subidas etc?
Hola Lucho Hola Monedassss 🤗
La diferencia en cómo giran los rivales y mis jugadores es abismal, Neymar’s vs grúas
OBJETIVOS SEMANA TERCERA ¿Posibilidad de conseguirlos o son "un everest" para lograrlo?.…
Una pregunta, compre es champions edition y la verdad no se por que me aparece este letrero en el fifa.. ,…
Ya supera los millones de jugadores en sus primeras dos semanas …
PREDICCIÓN - Ultimate Scream 🥘🥘 Ya llega el equipo más aterrador. Utilicé criterios como la altura, fuer…
Es oficial, el es el peor de la historia. Os habéis cubierto
FIFA | Temporada cooperativa con colegas ⁦⁩
No va nada mal el Menino...
Ghost Recon Breakpoint no logra ser lo más vendido de Europa en su estreno
Infumable la conexión en fut champions
Ustedes ya tienen el ? Yo pregunté y en se me va a 00 mangos... Con el DualShock que compré el otro…
El “technical issue” es el “parte médico” de
Super dad!
El partido se ganó ... El problema es cuando ves que sus MCD/MC eran Müller, Rakitic, Verrati y Draxler. Verrati ti…
Ghost Recon Breakpoint no logra ser lo más vendido de Europa en su estreno
Estoy hasta la puta madre
Análisis de Aubameyang POTM. El único contenido que puedo dar hasta que EA haga algo con los Icon Swaps en …
Vamos con todo!
Estamos en directo
Partido importante , medio equipo con amarilla, minuto ... Vayaaaaaa
Menos para el
Tamos ready para este finde.
LOZANOO..
Acabo de empezar el vivo en twitch ...
Estoy en Meca DIRECTO con :
En minutos se viene estreno del probamos el volta junto a y
Vendo k de monedas de interesados abrid DM.
Todos quisiéramos tener un abuelo que juegue al FIFA cómo el 🤣 SORPRESA FIFA VOL …
ATENCIÓN AMIGOS NUEVO VIDEO EN EL CANAL: Capítulo Modo Carrera con el en . Link:…
modo carrera encontre una solucion para el modo carrera
Normal que se vaya del partido con semejante vacilada. ¡Lo siento!
ICONS SWAP De momento se sabe que serán tokens en total los que hay que conseguir en octubre y en…
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Estamos seguros de que sera la gran revelación de esta temporada. Un lateral com…
PARTIDOS DE SQUAD BATTLES SIN PARAR PASATE Y CHARLEMOS!! / /…
Luego de fechas peleo la Premier League con el Norwich City, el Watford y el Palace, cosas..
Nuevo vídeos de espero su apoyo
Empezamos de Estamos tratando de posicionarnos en elite , por si gustan pasarse al un r…
¡Sigue en directo el choque de la contra Noruega en Oslo! Nuestros jugadores se han llevado ya el prime…
¡Que la reta comience! Aprovecha este fin de semana el precio especial de . Compra en sucursales y tienda en…
con V de venga y me regala el Champions Edition
FIFA RECOMPENSARÁ A SUS FANS POR EL ÉXITO DEL JUEGO …
te necesito.
AUBA POTM k este jugador... Muchas monedas para ser la jornada de FC ¿Que os parece…
La columna que aparecemos en el diario de nuestro pueblo, aquí os lo pongo para los que no lo haya visto todavía. …
Aubameyang 🇬🇦 Cuatro plantillas: - de media + jugador Premier - de media + IF + jugador del Arse…
No entiendo que pasa con éste fifa, estoy en el modo carrera con el zaragoza y pierdo -0 contra el racing pero lue…
A no mamen!!! A $1,100 el super
Ya ha empezado el Noruega-España de . Aunque el stream va bastante mal y la realización es bastante mala.
Notas de los ... Serán campañas a lo largo del juego. Será como los Trueques de año pasado. Si un icon…
Señores, objetivos y Guarden sus medias!!!
Esto es todo lo que tenemos de los Icon Swaps. tokes, dividido en dos grupos. ¿Pero dónde están los tokes? hubi…
No icon swaps?
¿Y los iconos? Jajaja
FILTRADO - Se van a conseguir fichas mediante SBC - Las fichas se canjean por íconos - Se podrá conseguir un total…
Iba perdiendo -2, le remonto -2, me eulsan a uno y me tiene los últimos minutos sufriendo cuando ocurre esto…
Dos plantillas de y dos de para Aubameyang ... Saldrá en unas k yo creo
¡Esta Franja sólo sabe hacer golazos! El le metió tecnología a nuestro contragolpe letal digno de…
Lo anunciamos ayer y ahora lo sube con su típico diseño a su estilo …
muestra los datos de su espectacular lanzamiento.
Comenzaron los lloros en
Algunos de nuestros jugadores para esta temporada en
Vamos mejorando
Estoy en vivo en mi cumpleaños! Ven a verme aca: vía …
El Derby County de Robson, se acerca a los puestos altos // Capítulo Season DT Equipo…
Dicen que es un tal , es docente en el aula y en puede darte una clase muestra si gustas
Imposible jugar este juego. Dame semanas más y lo quemo en el jardín de casa.
️️️️️️️ Técnico Holandés monedillas ️️️️️️️
De momento he comprado: Isco a k 🇪🇦 Koke a k 🇪🇦 Lucas Leiva k 🇧🇷 Javi Martínez k 🇪🇦 Arthur k 🇧🇷 Canal…
Hay que ver lo cotizado que está Aubameyang, también en
Volver a tener sensaciones positivas en
Mañana que libro en el curro, tocará jugar unos partidos. Esto es lo que llevo en esta segunda semana. No voy a…
LLEGAN LOS FICHAJES!! ¿el NUEVO DROGBA? | FIFA Modo Carrera Brescia Ep.2 vía
¡Hoy nuestro streamer abre el templo para jugar a ! ¡…
¡Hoy estrenamos la camioneta de ! La pueden encontrar hoy en Walmart Villacoapa.
Pasar de -0 a -5 en Fut Champions deja K.O
Tenemos a nuestra calentando para Que nadie se lo pierda ️…
DIRECTO CONTINUAMOS CON LOS LLOROS DE FUT CHAMPIONS.
Me tienen loco con el Carlos Verla RB. Ojala ni salga.
Pues ya está... Con esta plantilla listos para esta futchampions, a sacar los demonios de la cabeza. …
Grande 🇦🇷 nuestra legión arranca la temporada de con todo !!
Mañana en pasá por la que organizamos junto a y con apoyo de…
Metela tu , que a mi me da la risa!
Que manera este juego
OFICIAL!! Os presentamos las primeras equipaciones y el escudo del SIMRACER FC
¡Todo listo en el Ulevaall Stadion para el comienzo del entre Noruega y la ! ¡CONÉCTATE YA…
¿Ya escuchaste el soundtrack del ? 🤩 ¡Queremos saber tu opinión! Chécalo aquí:
Una este el más descarado en años...
Buenas!! Aubameyang POTM del mes de septiembre de la Premier League saldrá a las hora española (en :30 horas) Ta…
Seguimos en jugando FUTCHAMPIONS con el mobiliario intacto!!
semanas van ya esto es faltar el respeto.
¡Stream On! ¡Hoy toca FIFA20! Comenzamos Fut Champions. ️:
Aubameyang es el de septiembre en la Premier. El SBC estará disponible a las pm 🇪🇸 en
¿En que momento del le cortaron los brazos a los porteros? Lo mismo te da tenes al más chetado que un bronc…
A las :00 en YT tendréis un estreno de probamos modos del juego del Volta con y …
Lanzamiento de falta fitchampions.
¡Aprovecha hasta el día de octubre y consigue una por € menos, y con el nuevo de regalo en…
Sigue en el España - Noruega de con Gravesen, AndoniiPM, Zidane10 y JRALion aquí, con…
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Un mítico en nuestras filas, la cenicienta de nuestro equipo. Parece que no está…
DEGRA FIFA GAMING: Análisis de mercado de FIFA Ultimate Team: el p...
OMG! nuevo objetivo!!!
Sigue en directo con nosotros el partido entre la de frente a Noruega () a partir de…
Cuando Lacazette se te queda mas congelado que el pecho de jugando FUT CHAMPIONS
A alguien le pasa también que con esta alineación, en mi caso kanté al defender se va para la derecha y no defiende…
Chicos!! Según FutSpy este será el primer token para los ... Podrían comprar alguna carta de jugadores t…
Igual hago ahora un directo jugando Fut Champions, aunque no creo que llegue muy lejos tal y como dicen que van los…
En apenas una hora, la se mide a Noruega en . Nuestros jugadores ya están en el estadio Uleva…
La mayor competición nacional de FIFA en el modo v1 en Ultimate Team, renueva su branding. Pasará a llam…
Hay alguna manera de conseguir el estadio dónde juegas en FUT CHAMPS???
Estamos en directo!! Jugando Fut Champions EN DIRECTO!!
Nueva semana de Fut Champions
"La esperanza es lo último que muere" Vamos por ese Elite .
Resumen de ventas del día de ayer de Octubre Monto Inversión : 00 monedas 🃏 carta…
Mucha suerte para en la de . ️ ¡Exjugador de nuestro club y ahora uno de los me…
Hoy a las :40h tenéis una cita con la Selección Española de Fútbol (). Nuestros jugadores de FIFA,…
Chicos!! Aubameyang es el de la Premier. Sin embargo, la carta solo ha subido: punto de media En realidad l…
Sobre a goleada contra o Ipswich Jervis mitou
Es infumable el delay que tengo en el FIFA en absolutamente todos los partidos desde el miércoles, injugable.
en directo con lloros y lloros y a lo mejor tenemos suerte y nos toca Zidane o quién sabe
que coño es esto
¡Nuestros jugadores han llegado sanos y salvos a Oslo! Dentro de una horita y media estarán en el streaming de la…
Nuevo vídeo en el canal! ️ RECOMPENSAS Semanales de FUT Champions &amp; Squ…
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
[] Después de estar esperando toda la semana por fin es . Fin de semana de..... …
Segundo partido seguido que se me queda pillado habiendo ganado, muchas gracias
Va tomando forma el equipo
Cuánto tiempo va a pasar para que mejoren a en el ???? …
Lindo refuerzo
fue elegido como el de de la . Seguramente será muy caro en los de…
ABRIR SOBRES EN ? CONVIENE COMPRAR FIFA POINTS EN ? ESTO ES LO QUE NOS TOCO ABRIENDO …
No entiendo como os podéis enfadar, solo es un juego...
ESTO ME AYUDO A DEFENDER EN CONSEJOS DEFENSA vía
COMO CAMBIAR IDIOMA RELATOS EN PC vía
JUGANDO **ULTIMATE TEAM** vía
Solo por compromiso en el Tengo una plantilla que se llama Jarabe Tapatio a que les suena?
TENGO QUE GANAR PARTIDOS PARA CLASIFICARME EN FUT CHAMPIONS | FIFA …
ANSU FATI QUIERE SER TITULAR YA FIFA MODO CARRERA JUGADOR FC BARCE... …
A recordar los iconos que se pueden hacer con los requisitos que anuncien hoy para los Icon Swaps de …
¡AUBAMEYANG es el de Septiembre! Vayan preparandose para su SBC
Ayer jugando a me metí tanto en el papel que hasta calambre en la pierna me dio
En tan solo semanas desde su lanzamiento, alcanza los millones de jugadores!! Los amigos de l…
Solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Fútbol Volta Un Megasobre de premio para un…
Solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Fútbol Volta Un Megasobre de premio para un…
Nuevo vídeo en el canal!!
Listo. Imposible de alcanzar el POTM de la Premier
Ya se sabe que el de la Premier es Auba. Cuando este el SBC en subo el análisis de la carta
Probando el FutChampions de este por primera vez. Mis impresión es que es la misma porquería…
Nuevo video
Aprovechen que ya está disponible, lo vi en una publicación del Lite...
Ter stegen el portero más malo de de cada tiro se come de donde sea, y como sea, de cabeza, colocado, Razo o potente...
¿Juegas al ? Pues no puedes perderte uno de los torneos que tendrán lugar en . ¡Este torneo…
Chavales empezamos DIRECTO en ! Vamos con mi primer en !
Cuando europa duerme y bajan la cantidad de cartas en el mercado asegurarse siempre de dejar listado…
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Procedente también del se incorpora un viejo conocido. Un central co…
Lo que me salió anoche pero intransferible
¿Juegas al ? Pues no puedes perderte uno de los torneos que tendrán lugar en . ¡Este torneo…
Alguien me puede elicar que yo vaya en Rivals el chaval se vaya del partido y me cuenta cómo empate? Yo tenía…
Resumen de la mañana,not bad!
capitán
Paralelismos entre el amor y FIFA: -Es imposible,no puedo continuar, me hace daño.. hace conmigo lo que quiere..per…
¿Qué opináis?
partido después de ascender con Sttutgart en la Bundeliga , jugamos la final de la copa de Alemania Lege…
Fifa career mode REAL MADRID
como quedare este finde en ?
En nuestro canal de Youtube de FIFA tenemos el primer FUTCHAMPIONS de en este nuevo
Bélgica ya está en la
Primer victoria y única seguro del día en
Los porteros del volta en el fútbol sala del hacen mas palomitas que yo
Lleno de trapos belgas! PC
a las 9 de la mañana?? Claroooo que sii
Gracias Por darnos la oportunidad de jugar con el femenino. Pero que ? Cuál es el miedo a dejarme jugar es…
Por lo menos no es el genérico PC
Si lo de Morales es chetada pura, ojo a esto
Esto empieza a parecerse a un equipo
Lo que mas mola de es lo bien que van los partidos griezmann o dembele parecen dzeko girandose, centrales q…
Amo' al FUTLLoros..
¡Todavía estás a tiempo de hacerte en con tu + desde ,90€ y conseguir ,99€ en FIFA…
A los que controlais de fifa .. Marcelo o mendy??? Porque el ritmo es muy importante y es donde veo que mendy es…
Terminada la en modo carrera, de entrenador jugando los partidos El Fuenlabrada se encuentr…
ARRANCAMOS MOTORES Desearme suerte ️️
., , y ; los elegidos de para representar a España con…
Ronaldo sigue estando en forma en 🤣
bate récords con más de millones de jugadores en dos semanas
¡ Anoche logramos pasar de ronda en el torneo de pretemporada ! A por los cuartos de Final
En una mejora de oro me sale el sano de Sane. K pa' la buchaca.
Desesperación mañanera
Esta tarde sobre las :15 nuevo episodio del Modo Carrera. Atentos, llegan los fichajes️
Sobre las :00 horas abriré directo HOY SE JUEGA FUERTE AL
No se puede jugar al , desespera a uno,igual en un partido tienes , palos mínimo! Cada día entiendo más a
️Seguramente en unos minutos tengamos a Aubameyang POTM de Septiembre en SBC.
La misma BASURA de cada año.
Fut champions Directo!! Empezamos!!!
Vamos!
FIFA reaches millions of players in just two weeks - -
Con este equipo me estrenare hoy en
Sigue el España - Noruega de hoy con Gravesen, AndoniiPM, Zidane10 y JRALion aquí
Pues este volveremos a operar el torneo de junto a y
Llegó el día del gran estreno!! Debutamos en hoy nace nuestro nuevo club el SIMRACERS FC directa…
No sé si hacer la inversión de fichar a Pepe . ¿Qué pensáis? ¿Es buena carta? ¿La puede romper en algún partido…
Sí todavía no nos has visto!!! Aparecemos en la última edición del periódico del pueblo !!! Queremos crecer !!…
Que pasa con , tengo un monton de bugs con las alineaciones online!!! Hago cam…
es el mejor jugador del mes de septiembre en la premierleague ¿Que te parece esta cart…
siempre presente
Estos son los mejores jugadores con estrellas de filigrana de
Esto no es normal, tras ganar tres partidos seguidos, me pase esto que tenga que remontar un -0 por que mi portero…
Gente que juega a Que MCO veis mejor ??? Eriksen o Firmino ????
Estamos en DIRECTO de FUT CHAMPIONS version Salvaje Oeste. vente …
¡Atención! Abrimos pruebas en el equipo para la posición MI/MD. Requisitos: Compromiso y disponibilidad…
alcanza los millones de jugadores – GamingSports
Segunda semana de y ya se me ha olvidado canjear la ficha para Fut Champions. Las viejas costumbres no fallan 🤦‍️
️ ! comenzará en enero la nueva temporada de
Da gusto jugar al futchampions con esta fluidez.. puedes perder.. pero si pierdes porque el rival sea mejor y no por la conexión..
Os presentamos una lista con todas las entradas de la guía correspondientes a los mejores jugadores y equipos de…
Pues nada más que decir del día de hoy ...
Doble parada.
Es increíble pensar que ha llegado a millomes de jugadores.
Suscribiros a nuestros canal de youtube Subimos con division rivals, DCP,
De momento… ¿cuál es vuestro jugador de FUT de del que más orgullosos estáis hasta el momento?
Estoy en directo! Vamos a por el primer FUTchampions de . Uniros a la tribu mohicana, recordad que podeis su…
Empezamos con la primera presentación y es turno para el equipo de . llega como defensa polivale…
Pues nada... otro vació en las recompensas de , las vuestras que tal... ️Recompensas RIVALS 🤢 semana e…
Empezamos FUT Champions
,... ,... y ... paradas de , contigo estamos asegurados a todo riesgo! …
Not bat a ver si nos clasificamos para el fut champions no? 🥵
EMPEZAMOS FUT CHAMPIONS MAÑANERO en People . Se vienen los lloros en
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
VOLTA MODO HISTORIA - EPISODIO …
Mucha suerte equipo!! Que bonito es esto 🇪🇦 !!
SE VIENEN LOS LLOROS EN FUT CHAMPIONS DIRECTO
En Game están on fire con
¡Hazte ya con en GAME y disfruta del deporte rey en su máximo esplendor! Además, solo en GAME te llevas d…
en a través del formulario de registro de la FIFA Global Series. ha cerrado el regis…
Buenos días Por fin viernes! Que tenemos para hoy?? Comienza la sesión con tu segundo desayuno en…
¡Rumbo a Oslo! La , a punto de volar para jugar el ante Noruega. ha convocad…
Y por cosas como está, deje de jugar a la basura de Vosotros seguid pagando un DLC de € y que el juego d…
Hacemos el Gran Comienzo y salen cositas jejejeje, que os toco a vosotros chicos ️SBC Gran Comienzo 🤫 en FIF…
ya supera los millones de jugadores
¡Solo hasta el de octubre o fin de existencias te llevas tu PS4 a elegir + + Camiseta Exclusiva GAME de…
arrasa en sus primeras tres semanas y bate algunos récords para la saga
ya supera los millones de jugadores
Hoy juega la eFootball 🇪🇸 un amistoso en Noruega. Lo podréis ver en directo en la web de la y en…
Con este once comenzaré mi caida de pelo prematura hoy en
Diseño de las cartas de intercambio, evento que empezará hoy mismo.
Me sale el to caminante pero mi pregunta es quien no tiene a Pjanic creo que es uno de los caminantes que más sale…
Sra carta.. Willian Jose, partidos siendo el mejor de la cancha
Primer futchampions, se vienen muchos lloros y mandos rotos.
No puede seeeeer! ¡Esto es !
Vamo a darle
El peor fifa de los ultimos años
¿Cuál dupla prefieren en ?
Si el es mierda pura se dice y no pasa nada
llegó a los vos de final de las competencias de fin de año de…
Cuando las manos juegan más que la plantilla
Buscamos jugadores para nuestra liga de clubes vs1 que tenga compromiso % estos clubes disponibles a sorteo i…
Coloccini de técnico
Pared con el palo
Nuevo finde, do futchamps de y voy con Griezzman, Suárez, Modric y Ramos.
PES EN OFERTA! TIENES IDEA DE LO LOCO QUE SE OYE ESO? . …
Esto viene siendo un partido tranquilito previo a Fut Champions 🤪🤪
Primer caminante tocho del año!!!
Con este humilde equipo vamos por la da semana de (La otra semana mejoró la defensa)
Son los convocados por el jefe Boy para el siguiente fc. Esperemos que nos vaya mejor y pues que se venga lo mej…
Primer descarte top, un repetido Gracias por todo de todas formas
Tienes un en ? Únete a la 🇭🇳 Estamos buscando nuevos DT's Virtuales Podrás ser…
Les juro que ya paro
FIFA Personality Quiz! 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Mejora de oro sale bien
¡No alcanzó! El Lobo Virtual quedó entre los mejores en el primer torneo de Semifinales…
¿Idea mía o el Modo Profesional del está más fácil?
ESTAMOOOOOOOOOOOS ON AMIGOS!!!!!!!!!!! POR FIN MIS RECOMPENSAS!!! DALE VENITE QUE HOY SI!!! HOY SE ME DA!!!…
En el va a estar el Libertadores de América??
Por fin EA me da algo que vale algo...
He hecho como penales en y todos los he fallado
El peor FIFA de la historia
Estoy en directo por abriendo las recompensas de y de ... No te lo pierdas!!!…
FIFA ha logrado superar los millones de jugadores:
paso a paso...
Gracias por existir solo así puedo armar la dupla de y Par de cracks, excelente nivel
Si este tweet llega a favs juego un futchampions con el del Bournemouth.
Probando a Adama Traoré y Wesley - Alguno se quedará para el FUT Champions?
Mira que golazo hizo Jajajaj ¿Fue un buen gol ?
horas para fut champions recordad LA FICHAAAAAA!! LA FICHAAAA!!!!!!!
¿Echabais de menos más novedades en ? Pues aquí llega una
Golcito para ir definiendo el ascenso del Sttutgart Legendario Jarcor full como viene jaja
Weon, el martes tuve la suerte de encontrar el "producto a luca" en la pagina de la tienda Nerfis (lentes de madera…
¿Tú eres parte de esos millones?
DA VACA!!!!
Compro el ya o me espero a que baje de precio en el buen fin / Black Friday 🤔
NUEVO VIDEO LISTO! RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS Y MAS!! NO TE LO PIERDAS!
No mola nada el FIFA20.
Estaba jugando y un wey me mete gol al minuto , pone pausa esperando abandone el juego. Obvio no…
Participantes de la primera edición de la 🇳🇬 de : Sevilla Real Betis Granada Málaga…
Síganme y vean el directo de Estoy en directo en Twitch - Puedes verme en
Me gané el ctm!!
A empezar modo DT Candidatos : - FC St. Paulli 🇩🇪 - Newell's 🇦🇷 - Atlético Nacional 🇨🇴 - Osasuna 🇪🇸 - Mónaco 🇫🇷
Por un tema de salud mental todavía no me compraré A no ser que saque una súper carta de
Estamos de vuelta, chicos!! Les doy la bienvenida a todos los nuevos miembros del canal y arrancamos actividades en…
Pues nuestra siempre confiable fuente FutSpy nos dice que serán de
Hay Trueques de Icono.
Gran jugada
Así serán las cartas (que servirán como fichas) de los , promoción que se lanzará en unas horas en…
Primer equipo en Empezamos!!!
no será la excepción. Nuevo modo carrera! Ascender al Hamburgo
Sigue mis series de con los siguientes hashtags:
Las valoraciones de la plantilla del en el Edens Forever® vía
| ¡Noche de clásico! y se enfrentarán en las semifinal…
Mi primer CAMINANTEEEEEEEE SUSCRIBANSE A MI CANAL DE YOUTUBE, ---&gtawer &lt;---
Chicos! El vídeo ya se terminó de editar y está subiéndose a YouTube. Con esto inauguramos la actividad en el canal…
Solo FIFA ️ en casa!
Jugando podemos constatar que el modo carrera, no esta bien. L…
Aquí tenemos la carta de los trueques para los iconos. Vía
SE COME UN PATTY !! Hoy toca (Futsal) en modo competitivo Online Temporadas de …
Vamos rodando poquito a poquito, pasamos primeros de grupo en el torneo de pretemporada
Casi hago al hilo
Divios para el DE LOS ARGENTINOS
Y si mañana nos encontramos al POTM de la Premier y casi nadie ha invertido... 🧐 No sé si pasará, pero no lo descar…
Mañana vamos con esto para el 🤪 ( Estoy por vender al Wan-bisaka y ficharme a Cancelo pero bueno ve…
Proximamente estare representando al en la modalidad en con el fin de lle…
HOY NO TE LO PODES PERDER! 🥁 ¡Hay virtual!…
Plan para la noche:
Voy a abrir las recompensas, venganse de una!!
Hoy ha ganado Holanda y 🇳🇱 estaba en la grada viendo el partido. Pronto será el nuevo seleccionador del…
PISZCZEK FLASHBACK DISPONIBLE EN Ronda un precio de k ¿Te harias esta carta por ese precio? Os leo…
Chicos!!! Tengo videos en fila. ¿Cual quieren primero? O puedo subir un vídeo largo con ambas partes. Ya saben q…
| ¡Hoy hay Clásico! se mide desde las hs ante por primera vez en…
GENTE tenemos nuevos CANDIDATOS para el de Se que saldrian sin imagen dinamica pero se verian su…
ÚLTIMAS HORAS para participar por un ⌛️ Recuerda que tienes hasta las :59pm de hoy para mandar tu video…
MILLÓN 🤪.
Mi º equipo para el siguiente FUTChampions :
Algo se aproxima...
Espero valga la pena x esas monedas
Mañana y disputarán el Noruega-España de
Ahora sí, no hay pretexto para no ganar.
Equipo renovado para el segundo
EA Sports me roba y me da las peores recompensas de -
Usa el me gusta si te anduvo/andan pesados/injugables los servers de .
Ya sé que los estoy enfermando con la PC...perdon!
Os traemos la solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Partidos de Marquesina Un …
Os traemos la solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Partidos de Marquesina Un …
| ️ Noche de . El equipo estará jugando los cuartos de final buscando una victoria qu…
Para que no se pierdan mis criaturas, les dejo esta ayuda
Nunca debí irme de donde me dieron confianza y apoyaron en todo momento. Pco a poco seguimos mejorando! m…
En el campo del los policias son hermanos siameses
Cuando juegas con tu hijo en el
Discover the new FIFA Global Series ball. Available now!
🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪🇸🇪?? Adjunto posible solución Vamos españita ️
**NUEVO VIDEO** RECOMPENSAS DE FUTCHAMPIONS NOS TOCA UN MEDIA Y MUCHOS PANELES LIKE …
DALE CAMPEÓN !! anoche consiguio sumar un nuevo trofeo a la vitrina, por la…
INCREÍBLES RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS Y RIVALS!!!! PUES MUCHAS GRACIAS EA SPORTS!!…
Con las recompensas de hoy ya tengo equipo A y B... Que se puede mejorar de cada uno? Que mañana toca fut champion…
Sii! Mi primera clasificación para la jornada de FUT Champions en ! VAMOS!
INCREÍBLES RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS Y RIVALS!!!! PUES MUCHAS GRACIAS EA SPORTS!!…
Vamos chicos que empezamos directo de temporadas cooperativas!!!
Por si no las vieron en stream... Recompensas TOP del mundo …
Tuve algo de cuea en el pick-up del primer !
Muy buena la pero hay unos errores por corregir...
Hay algun usuario de Argentina que en este momento le funcione bien Rivals?
Con dos días de haber iniciado en y con la versión básica del juego pude hacer un equipo medianamente decen…
¡Que empiecen las retas !
Estoy en directo en las SEMIS en breves la VUELTA a por todas
Un placer estar representando a en este gran evento de ¡¡ Los esperamos este sábado…
El soundtrack del es una joya.
Vamos x ese Bronce
¿A cuántos jugador de Canarias veremos compitiendo en ? Si te gusta el y quieres estar a…
Una pregunta ya que últimamente no estoy informado Cuando empieza la temporada ? …
Este pasá por nuestra , sector que organizamos junto a con apoyo de…
Hasta el momento que les pareció el a los gk's?
Me fui al entretiempo -4, sin patear al arco y bailado totalmente. En el descuento me le pongo -4 y mi “amigo” de…
ASPAS IN A PACK EN Y VICINIUS VAMOH
¿Ya está parchado modo carrera? ¿Cuándo comienza la serie en el canal?
Esta tarde me he clasificado para de este fin de semana ️
Estoy On , abriendo las recompensas del FUT Champions!
Sin invertir un solo peso 🤦‍️
No se si seguir jugando a en o pegarme un tiro en los cojones...
Mi primer icono en sobres en todo lo que llevo jugando a FIFA. …
en El equipo del pueblo. Let's go en cinco minutillos
🤣 En , se dio el lujo de crear a Diego Korol como entrenador en el ¿Se parec…
Descarga e imprime la portada edición especial de nuestros Pumas para tu ️ Disponible para Xbox One y P…
[CONCURSO] Si realizas la compra de cualquier edición de en tiendas o web , entras de inmedia…
Alguien quiera cambiar un dybala if por un salah ?
No te olvides entrenar un poco antes del torneo el /10 en 🤪
Mahrez sigue estando rotisimo en er Gol en mi club, debutando
Alguien partido al ??
Gol y asistencia de De Jong. Doblete y asistencia de Lukaku. asistencias de Hazard. Los de ON FIRE con sus selecciones.
Esta vez sí... Desafío en vs. ¿Voy armando un microestadio con público?
te da la oportunidad de jugar en el equipo de tu ciudad.. A que mola?
LO MEJOR DE ESTE DIA... en un sobre
Mi equipo en , ¡Funebrero desde Brasil!
Gol en no hubo remontada
Por qué solo me tocan porteros
Chicos!! Estoy apurado tratando de dejar todo listo, si las cosas me salen como deben. Hoy tendremos el primer vide…
¡¡GAMERS!! Este viernes a las 0h., en y en nuestro canal de Twitch, podrás seguir el N…
NUEVO VÍDEO!!! RECOMPENSAS DE FUTCHAMPIONS ME TOCA UN ROJITO +86 Y MUCHOS PANELES!! LINK EN LA BIO ⤴ ⤴ LIKE…
Mi fifa está defectuoso, ningún caminante aún🤪
Buena Contra
:30 Abrí los sobres, enlistadas y cartas vendidas ️
VENDO MI PLANTILLA Y PASA ESTO | FIFA
Este me puse el reto de completar todos los SBC’s que salieran. Hasta el momento solo me faltan las marques…
Quique Setien
POR FIN UN CAMINANTE Y ES BASTANTE BUENO !!!!! CAMINANTE +89 EN LOS NUEVOS SBC !!!! PISZCZEK FLASHBACK ¿MERECE LA…
Y qué hago ahora con Van Nistelrooy ??🤣
¡amoooo a darle! ¿quién ya lo tiene? 🤔 . . . . …
MIS RECOMPENSAS CON ICONO Y MAS - - - - …
CHICOOOS ESTAMOS SORTEANDO EL EL
Pues así queda mi plantilla después de vender a Mbappé. ¿Alguna sugerencia?
Eche la reta de contra el director de mi área, y perdí en penales. . . . Valoró mi trabajo.
Fifa : DCP FÚTBOL VOLTA
NUEVO EQUIPO!! ABRIMOS MARQUESINAS!! ESTAMOS EN DIRECTO!!
Mi plantilla Ultímate team después de una semana jugando
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Un viejo conocido en el club, el eterno capitán vuelve al equipo procedente del…
Yo voté por Coutinho, ¿por quién votaras tú?
Video nuevo vía …
A las :00h española vamos a estar en Directo tradeando y mirando posibles Inversiones en
YA ESTOOOY POR AQUÍ!! RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS Y RECOMPENSAS DE DIVIONS RIVAALS! A VER SI TENGO SUERTE! …
Acaba de Quedar RETRATADO ️…
Hoy en DJI de nos visita el con su máximo responsable y el proplayer de …
EN MINUTOS ABRO STREAM CORTITO PARA QUE VEÁIS LAS RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS Y DIVIOSN RIVALS! …
Se vino..
Chicos!! Yo solo venía a decirles que mañana ... Y ahora me retiro ...
¿QUIÉN SERÁ EL MEJOR? Los jugadores de recibieron las ediciones especiales del nuevo .…
No puedo aplicar algunos consumibles en el , no entiendo por qué.
Si vieran mis mensajes directos con gente diciendo que gastaron en este juego y me culpan por no avisar desde antes…
Primer Futdraf de victorias y nos abrimos a Sergio Ramos y Eriksen!! transformamos k en k
Equipos de Clubes Pro os interesa que hagamos una liga, casteadas
NUEVO VÍDEOOOOOO!!! ABRIENDO SOBRES DE RECOMPENSAS DE RIVALS Y OS ENSEÑO MI PLANTILLA PARA …
Mis Sierd de Vos
NUEVO VIDEO I Link: La salida de FIFA ha dejado un mal sabor de boca en algu…
Yo en el amor.
Mira Primeras recompensas de - ARG !Sorteo / IG&amp;TW
Estamos hechos
Ya tengo el de PC La carne es debil...
Verstappen, Sainz y Norris retransmitirán una partida al si se suspende la clasificación del
lukaku si no mete gol me voy a morir
People ya estoy en jugando unos FUT DRAFT PELEANDO (con el mobiliario)
Recompensa de partidos de marquesina
Pues buena recogida de monedas hoy en el
- : revelado el equipo de la semana en FUT
Me sale Bernardo Silva en marquesinas. de media 00 solo??
- : revelado el equipo de la semana en FUT
Les dejo las posibles soluciones empleando Bronces y jugadores del club. Corrijo el TW…
A alguien le pasa que en los objetivos de temporada cuando quieres reclamar un paquete te saca de Ultimate y cuando…
Porque es tan complicado que te salga algun jugador bueno en los paquetes de ? o SERA QUE SOLO TENGO MUY MALA SUERTE?
Serie A en . Igual de buena y mucho más barata. nunca ha tenido mejor equipo.
¿Ya viste que y estrenaron un video de su colaboración para celebrar el de…
FIFA | LLOROS! |
Ya quiero jugar
Cuando pierdes el partido de vuelta,pero estás tranquilo por qué ya lo tienes ganado desde el primer partido…
El drama
Se viene! El clásico!! De la plata!! 🦁
El juego de y los de antes y los que sigan, en linea nunca van a dejar que ganes todos los juegos a si seas…
Necesito vuestra ayuda!! Tengo que montar equipo para este de y necesito vuestros consejos.…
: Estudiantes y Gimnasia recrearán el clásico en un v11 oficial - con relatos de…
: Estudiantes y Gimnasia recrearán el clásico en un v11 oficial - con relatos de…
DISEÑOS ESPECIALES ️ La presentación del tuvo como condimento especial un torneo de "Fútbol callejero".…
Esto es ,todo el equipo atras y a la contra porque saben que los defensas no jamas pillaran a los delanteros
Equipo para el primer fut champions que jugare en fifa20
Recompensas
⭐ JUGADOR HMC DEL DÍA ⭐ • Liam Henderson • (23) • Mediocentro • Hellas Verona • 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 • .…
de disponible! Piden plantillas media + ir …
EN DIRECTO | ¡Vente a jugar contra en en el canal del ! …
| ¡Buscamos Jugadores De Cara Al ! Queremos Leones para ayudarnos a conseguir el ascenso esta tempo…
Estoy en directo, JUERNES Y FIFA K MAS KIERES!! …
No me lo creo... Primer grupo de las marquesinas y: BOOM. La carta más cara que me ha tocado en FIFAS.
🇳🇱 será el entrenador del Vitesse en el «Club &amp; Country» de . ¡Pronto conocerán a es…
Vamos con un poco de que se hizo tarde hoy!
¡FLASHBACK DE ŁUKASZ PISZCZEK DISPONIBLE EN ! Por fin un buen lateral derecho para la Bundesliga, aunque su…
Este año tengo muchas ganas de fútbol virtual. Tanto de como de
Nuevo nombre y nueva temporada. presenta su próximo curso de en las . Aho…
Termina la conferencia de prensa y metemos Directo DT Napoli
Ahi vienen las monedas Primera recompensa de Division Rivals
La nueva competición nacional aún más reforzada y mediática.
Y del MEGASOBRE conseguido al realizar el DCP de FÚTBOL VOLTA nos toca ️ …
Primer análisis de carta en Twitter... Hoy el nuevo Flashback Piszczek en se agradecen
Resumen de las recompensas 🤑🥳 ⁠
Vamos A Darle Otra Vez Jajajaja ⭐️️️⭐
TENGO QUE CLASIFICARME PARA
Todos estamos de acuerdo en que el en sí es una puta mierda. Pero la mayoría de jugadores hacen que sea aún…
Volvió el clásico de . Los servidores de mierda.
toda la información mañana en mi canal de …
| ¡ESTOS SON LOS PREMIOS DE LA ATHANS SUPERCLUBS FIFA20! € 🥈 € SORTEO DE CAMISETAS ATHANS GA…
| vía historia de Instagram: Gracias
-3-18. No son las medidas de una piva es mi historial de y si estoy en la mierda
️ MARQUESINAS ️ Otro verde más para nosotros 🤑 Habrá que ver como afecta esto a nuestros…
Estilo, precisión y control. Deja tu propia huella en .
Hoy en acaba de salir la carta de Lukasz Piszczek recordándoles sus mejores tiempos a…
Tenemos nuevo Flashback en
¡Tenemos nuevo SBC Flashback ya disponible en !
Y otro par de SBC. Primero tenemos un SBC para conmemorar VOLTA. Da un megapack y cuesta k, super rentable. Y por…
Chicos!! Muchos nuevos. Marquesinas semanales. Esta semana no pasé lista por cosas: Falta de tiempo y porque…
de las Marquesinas nos permiten utilizar jugadores de bronce de los famosos invendib…
Hoy hemos tenido en : -Pisczeck Flashback. plantillas de y IF - Un SBC que da un megasobre - Partidos…
Aquí están los nuevos SBC de Los invito a seguir a
¡Ya mismo en DIRECTO ! Aquí: ️
¡Marquesinas de Selecciones!
a cuanto esta el récord de los draft? tranquilos todos
Mañana tendremos el evento de los Iconos Swaps. Creo que dura hasta diciembre, mañana a las :00 🇪🇸 veremos los ob…
Los jugadores de ya tienen el nuevo
Amigos. Se vienen los ICONS SWAP !Qué llegué mañana ya y veamos lo que nos piden!. Lo único…
- Los jugadores ya tienen su . (Fotos: )
Los jugadores del plantel profesional ya tienen el nuevo ea SPORTS FIFA Latinoamérica Via
() |¡Nuestro Enc4puchado vuelve a las andadas en ! ¿Que le tocará en esos sobres tan r…
Los jugadores del plantel profesional ya tienen el nuevo ️
Chiquita viciada me voy a pegar mañana al
Empezamos con el Tenerife en con algún momento complicado...
PRESENTACION OFICIAL | Se retiró a finales del FIFA anterior, pero ha decidido volver a ponerse las bot…
OFICIAL!! La anuncia que pasa a llamarse y estará dentro del circuito Global Series de…
Empezamos una etapa nueva muy ilusionante con los colores y el apoyo de , que ha depositado en nosotros…
A salir de PLATA en el PRIMER FUT CHAMPIONS !! - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM …
Vamosss
PRESENTACION OFICIAL | Procedente del , el ex-jugador del que destacó por su…
En el Fifa en teoria El modo EL CAMINO tendría que ser de Alex Hunter y Danny Williams preparandose para la Euro…
Creo que me he hecho un equipazo
Sabéis que los que dejan las animaciones completas para perder tiempo y picar a la gente, luego sin los primeros qu…
Esta mañana e abierto las recompensas de y la verdad que este año tiene mejor cara, me a da…
porque Di Maria , me habia asustado , ed argentino hasta que a salido el psg, mi mejor recompensa hasta ahora…
Y damos por finalizadas las de este jueves de de y con un t…
¡Siempre que queráis compartir vuestras recompensas y sobres estaremos encantados de verlas y ver las forradas en hd!
Este es el primer equipo de como jugadora de . ¡Con tan solo k monedas constr…
Estoy hasta los cojones del delay que hay en Play en Ultimate Team. No se puede jugar, y tengo buena conexión.…
Hoy salen esos partidos de 🤓
Chavales estamos en directo con entrenando de cara al de mañana!! asi que pasate por…
Créditos ️
PRIMERA SEMIFINAL del equipo en COPA INGLESA SALFORD CITY FIFA MO... …
Liam subió esta foto en su IG Story: “Gracias easportsfifa ”
Voy a hacer un hilo con grandes momentos de . Empiezo dando las gracias por el nuevo modo de Clubes Pro.
️hay una plataforma llamada (en Instagram) que prepara torneos online de y…
Los tifos del para empezar bien motivados las partidas
Esta será mi alineación para el ° Futchampions de Mañana a las :00 estaremos en directo dando caña y a ve…
¡Hoy hay en los ! El Lobo Virtual se enfrentará a su clásico por primera vez en…
¡ÚLTIMA HORA! 🆘 ¿Tienes cuenta de ? ¿Tienes el mercado abierto en ? ¡ TE LA COMPRA! …
icoooooooooooooooon
En el tienen que ganar todo el mundo.
Me tocó Cristiano Ronaldo en sobre de 🤩 vale casi millones ahí.
Hoy a las :30 se vienen las primeras recompensas de FUT CHAMPIONS , tocara algo bueno en oro3?, espero vu…
Cual recompensa me sugieren?? Creo que on las monedas no me alcanza para algun jugador bueno de la
¡Se vienen Objetivos con cartas Primer Propietario! Este viernes se lanzan estos objetivos, así que a no descartar…
Después de comprar y probar a Van Dijk durante partidos, llegué a la conclusión que ni de largo cuesta K mone…
Anoche se consagro Campeon de la Supercopa EFA ARGENTINA🇦🇷 y se hizo acreedor del primer titulo de clu…
Estos chicos está aquí para todo!! Gracias por la ayuda, se agradece bastante cuando empiezas con esto del …
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | El "pura sangre" canario por excelencia vuelve a la que ya fue su casa.…
Sigo sin saber defender en este juego
Creo q voy a probar con un giro de nacionalidades. Me voy al Calcio
Cambio de equipo de cara al próximo
Estamos en directo con el En no os lo perdais
IGStory × : Gracias
EN DIRECTO EL RENACIDO // MERCADO INVERNAL *MODO CARRERA TENERIFE *
Quique Setien
Resumen de ventas Martes/Miércoles y de Octubre Monto Inversión : 00 monedas 🃏 car…
New video on the channel!
Modo Carrera en minutos Os espero en ️
Golazo de
Gente alguien sabe si el vale la pena comprarlo??
Y poco más me a tocado en las recompensas
Cuando la Cpu te boicotea el partido en y los tuyos dan mal los pases con x solitos y a metros.
Golazo de chilena mariosuarez4
Recompensas Fut Champion, División Rivals!! 🇲🇽🤙
El partido más importante del hasta ahora, se juega en ¡Hay virtual!…
Pronto llegarán a los desafíos de primer propietario, y te conviene saber cómo gestionarlo para sacarle el…
El "Mini Torneo" de se lo llevó ganando -1 en el total de los partidos a 🧡🧡🧡 Atent…
Pregunta seria. ¿Alguien sabe aprox cuánto costaría un PC para qué funcione bien ? 🤷‍️
Es increíble como va el Gameplay de en Division Rivals, partidos, el primero gano -0 y me tira del cable…
Me gustan mis jugadores pero creo q tengo q reformar la estructura del equipo
Fifa : DCP Gran comienzo
| BUSCAMOS JUGADORES PARA REFORZAR LA PLANTILLA DE PROCLUBS EN a DIV VFO-ION: POSICIONES (3142) DEF…
Empezamos bien este . Solo he jugado partidos en RIVALS, quede en División . Me han dado a elegir entre…
...... Vaya bomba acaba de llegar Run.... Run...Run
Abrimos recompensas de FUT Champs! Nos tocará...?
Se vino el enanoooo Os Leo Messi chicos...
GENTE tenemos nuevos CANDIDATOS para el de Se que saldrian sin cara dinamica pero se verian supe…
Alinear a Diego Costa o Morata? Esa es la cuestión. Para acompañar a William Jose o a Arnaiz (según juegue con un m…
and we're looking for Players to shoot and...
¡¡NUEVO VIDEO!! Jugando con Hazard con una plantilla de menos de K en Ultimate Team! ️
Nos deja uno de nuestros jugadores y capitanes de por decisión propia. Solo podemos desearle suerte y agrad…
Cambios con k?
Cuando la cpu no se pone en modo jarcor imposible violador serial en y llegas a la final de la copa con un…
Cuando la cpu se pone en imbatible últimate jarcor inposible "ponete vaselina y agárrala solo para sacar del medio"…
El destino..
Nuevo vídeo en el canal!!
Segundo finde de defendiendo el club y el escudo de
Plantel de para la próxima en Volvimos con todo ️️ …
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
Chicos!! ¿Que tal les fue con sus rojitos?
Chavales !!! DIRECTO en !! Os abro recompensas de en !
¡Buenos días fiferos! ¿Qué les salió?
Buenas!! Qué tal vuestras recompensas de Champions?? Yo en oro Semedo rojo, no está mal, lo malo que es LI E…
Para los que pedís recomendaciones de jugadores, os dejo la plantilla con la que estoy en este momento. Plantilla c…
El mejor clasifico de la comunidad se juegan por ganarse un lugar en la final de la…
Ya funciona ULTIMATE TEAM seguimos abriendo unos cuantos sobres enDIRECTO
🦁 ¡Hay por la ! Por primera vez, se enfrentarán en en la modalidad…
Bienvenido a mi equipo de , lo pasaremos bien
Alguien me regala el ?
Carta conceptual del !! Te gustaría ver esta carta en el FIFA?? …
Hace algunos días que no juego a Han corregido todos los bugs del modo carrera ya o tenemos que seguir esperando?
Estos jugadores son en los que confío esta semana para mejorar e intentar asaltar el objetivo del verificado…
Me sale a CAMINANTE y me da un error durante la conexión de FIFA Ultimate Team. Me pase el juego…
NUEVO VIDEO! MIS PRIMERAS RECOMPENSAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS!
Para los que nos preguntáis si coger sobres o monedas, es decisión vuestra obviamente Está claro que si tienes clar…
El es el viernes de noviembre. Gran momento para comprar el con descuento !
Este año es mejor o ?
Que mierda de sobres me dieron en Fut Champions
Seguimos con las mejoras.
Fresquisimas monedas
k para mejorar
ME SALE MESSI EN RECOMPENSAS FC ORO !! "|FIFA SQUAD BATTLES Y RETAS AMISTOSAS CONTRA OROS Y ELITES!! VENTE Y…
De lejitos y al ángulo • • • • • …
Abrimos unos cuantos sobres enDIRECTO
Madrid vs Madrid!
Las buenas recompensas de y el nuevo equipo que me he podido hacer ¿Mejoras?
En pecheando enDIRECTO
Que os parece la nueva adquisicion para ? partidos goles y asistencias!!
Rio vs Varane? 🤔
No vamos mal para el segundo futchampions.. llegaremos hasta dnde nos dejen los servers
Ganando dos fut drafts seguidos, pierdo monedas. Vaya plan...
Y llegó el cuarto!!! Seguimos firmes junto al de &amp; &amp;
No me quejo
Mando para darlo todo en
Ya están listas las soluciones del DCP Híbrido de liga y país, el tercero de los desafíos Avanzados de …
En DIRECTO pecheando un poco en DIVISION RIVALS
hay equipo
Estamos dandole duro cada semana a twitch!!! Se agradeceria los follows …
Vale la pena gastar por el ?
Poco a poco seguimos mejorando el equipo, este fin de semana ya me gustaría probar a ver que tal, int…
- : revelado el equipo de la semana en FUT
¿Queréis monedas? habladme y preguntarme precios …
El TOTW de Ultimate Team está disponible desde ayer.
Que pasa con los servidores?
Really???? Estoy a puntos de la champions y tengo que ir al trabajo pronto...
RECOMPENSAS ELITE EN DIRECTO VAMOS BOLUDOS!!!
Pues este es el equipo para este futchampions, k invertidas que serán para el proximo fin de semana …
Poco ha pasado para el fallo
Que central de la liga santander me recomendáis?? Tengo unas K.
¡ te espera en el streaming de esta tarde porque TÚ eres el invitado! Estará jugando a 🆚 vi…
Mis recompensas
No se dieron mal las recompensas
Espero que se digne a actualizar las caras de los jugadores del Barça (Arthur, De Jong... etc). Me par…
Vamos a por las de de asi que pasate por y haber que t…
POTM DE LA BUNDES © /10/2019 ChikeBox | Tradeos.Fifa20 Os dejo por aquí los posibles…
COMPRO CUENTAS CON MERCADO ABIERTO WEB APP!! PS4 pago en monedas, dinero o psn cards
: revelado el equipo de la semana en FUT
Verdaderos objetivos de EA en First Owner players para Icon Swap revelados..
Mañana en el Pero cada dos por tres, cuando entra el hándicap tope guay. Q Sí, ese momento que estas pens…
Señores de cuando arreglaran el modo carrera de 🤔 Tuve que vender el juego y re…
Tras mucho esfuerzo he conseguido dominar la técnica de la doble pared, todo skill.
Algún día se dignara s contestar o resolver alguna de las muchas duda que tenemos los jugadores de…
Listos, para el !
Este año en con llegar a plata ya dan los 00 puntos de fut champions.
El mes de septiembre ha sido muy deportivo
¡COMENZAMOS! RECOMPENSAS FUT CHAMPIONS + DIVISION RIVALS en
Mis rojitos!!
Vamos 🇪🇸
Como fueron las recompensas de ?
Ni tan mal las recompensas de orito y rivals🤙
FIFA's motivating ad: "Wrong Breaks New Ground". …
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
Sabeis que lo quereis!
Bueno, a abrir recompensas de Rivals y FUT Champions. A ver si hay suerte.
En muy poco estaremos en en abriendo las recompensas de RECOMPENSAS FUT CHAMPIONS + DIVI…
¡JUEVES DE RECOMPENSAS EN ! Llegan las primeras recompensas de FUT Champions. También podemos recoger las d…
Solo os digo que lo que me ha salido hoy en recompensas de Division Rivals y FUT Champions ha sido.. Ma…
JUERNES con R de recompensas en Division Rivals de .
España lo tiene claro: es de . Así queda el Top-10
Buenos días chic! Anoche quedó subido el nuevo vídeo en el canal:
CLUB DE HATERS DE LOS PANELES DE VISCA EN
nuevo team
¡¡𝗝𝗨𝗘𝗩𝗘𝗦 𝗗𝗘 𝗖𝗛𝗢𝗟𝗟𝗢!! Sólo hoy FIFA para Xbox One por sólo ,95€. --&gt;…
¡Descubre el nuevo balón FIFA Global Series. ¡Disponible ya en ! adidasfootba…
Discover the new FIFA Global Series ball. Available now!
People ya estoy en ABRIENDO RECOMPENSAS RIVALS de
| ¿Quieres jugar el auténtico fútbol callejero de con y y a la ve…
Esta mierda en Oro .
| Otra victoria más para nuestro player en la ¡suma y sigue campeón !
Se ve que abrir sobres en clase da suerte
Primeras recompensas de
A las :30 vamos a entrenar. Pruebas y Ayudas de jugadores para VFO e ION Posiciones requeridas: - Laterales -…
Listo, hemos calificado para Futchampions de este fin de semana. ️
Que formacion y taquicas me recomendais ?
Nuevo equipo para este fin de semana.
PRIMERAS RECOMPENSAS FUT CHAMPIONS &amp; RIVALS! INCREÍBLE RECOMPENSA …
Maaaaaaaanooooooooooolaaaaaaaaas
Alguien sabe porque de repente Arias se me ha puesto en una carta azul? …
¿Que opcion es mejor recompensa? *Opcion : Megasobre, or…
Se vienen las recompensas...
Hey! Estamos en Directo de abriendo recompensas de RIVALS y FUT CHAMPIONS. Pásate y echate unas risas …
BUENOS DÍAS !!! A las :00 abriremos recompensas mias y de subs!!!! EN BUSCA DE SEMEDO ROJO !!!
Bueno, por lo menos son dos de los usables.
Semana de evento con eSports en Santander, con dos días de torneos con Fortnite y FIFA20. …
Esta semana estamos con e-Sports en Santander. Viernes y sábado con torneos de Fortnite y FIFA20. …
A quien votas tú?
COMPARTE - DEJA TU ME GUSTA - SUSCRIBETE AL CANAL FIFA - ULTIMATE TEAM | PARTIDO …
En las intransferibles de .
Donde estan las recompensas de fut champions hijosdeputa
Con esta camiseta de seguro que vas a molar veces más ¡Hazte ya con la tuya en GAME! Cuando te vean po…
A que hora dan las recompensas de Fut Champions?
JORNADA Y Resultados: 🆚️ +3…
El pase de pecho del defensor derrocha naturalidad.
Buenos dias!! Dentro de horitas osea sobre :30 estaremos en directo abriendo recompensas, las mias del elite la…
Jamás habrá mejor juego de fut que este. JAMAS. 🤮🤢🤮🤢 🥰🥰
Este post es para las nuevas generaciones, Q sepan que hay algo mucho más importante q los gráficos o licencias.…
️️ CHOLLO ️️ ‼️ Bajada de precio ‼️ PlayStation Slim TB + FIFA20 Precio: € Pidenos cupone…
Juegos: Los videojuegos siempre es una industria que trae muchas novedades y en este artículo os traemos de los j…
Recompensa de Piemonte Calcio!! er IF
Un buen arranque ... Dcp serie A
Jueves de recompensas.... A ver cómo os portáis ...🤔🤔
NUEVO EQUIPO DE LA SEMANA!!!
PRIMER DIA DE FUT ONLINE - Tiefo, te rompieron el ®70 en FUT? - Noooo.... - Nooo??? Jajaja - Jajajaaa
"SEMANA " Nos llega el equipo de la SEMANA ️ Dybala 🇦🇷 , Verratti 🇮🇹 , Inmobile…
"SEMANA " Nos llega el equipo de la SEMANA ️ Dybala 🇦🇷 , Verratti 🇮🇹 , Inmobile…
RAMBONA
Gol del día
¿Como consigo unas manos para jugar al ? Send help Please :'v
Gol del día
Resultados de hoy -2-1
está lleno de animaciones realistas
¿Sabe EA cómo mantener todo el hype que provocó con el lanzamiento de ? Os leo
Tiene cosas muy lindas este
Muy feliz de firmar con para el proximo campeonato. Espero con ansias el debut!! Vamos…
Chicos!! Antes de dormir ... Si pueden ir por algunos IF'S a descarte, sería brutal. Aquí algunos ejemplos muy inte…
Por arribaaaaaaaaa Mario
ESTAMOS EN VIVOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMIGOS! Hoy salimos a PREPARAR NUESTROS AVIONES PARA VENDER EN FC!!! VENITE!!!…
Que anda pasando con los servidores
Así si vale la pena jugar amigo secreto
Disculpen la hora, tal vez ya están dormidos, pero ya hay nuevo video de con . BOLA MISTERIOSA…
está tan bueno y yo tan pobre
¡Por fin! Mi primera clasificación a
Probé empezar un modo carrera casualmente el primer partido contra el Milan , un asco no jugaba ni uno de los pocos…
Futbin para moviles tiene una herramienta muy buena, la…
Cuando debes dormir pero tus demonios te dicen que juegues un partido más
Call me Mr. Futbol
Absolutamente nadie: Puppio jugando al : MIRA EL KUN AGUERO CON EL PELO PLATINADO ME VUELVO LOCO.
Hoy toca jugar vs como parte de la gira de entrenamiento previo a la competencias. …
Sé que muchos lo odian, pero necesito un en mi , no me gusta jugar online. ¿Cual me recomienda…
alguien que haya probado en a Mané y Salah para decidir cual va mejor
FIFA | *SBC* Hibrido De Paises | Los Elite Ocho | SIN LEALTAD | CAMIN... vía NO…
Conoce a uno de los mejores laterales de 🤝
Te mostramos nuestra review del gran mcd de
[EN VIVO] ¡Entrevista con ! y mucho más.
Finalmente en Plata y NO en Oro darán los mil puntos y estaremos automáticamente clasificados para el próximo…
Alex Hunter si está en el juego
¡🇧🇷 pronto hará su aparición en !
🇧?? es el primer personaje desvelado de mi canal de . ¿Se convertirá en una leyenda de o será un fracaso? 🤔
Oye pues poquito a poquito le voy pillando el tranquillo a este
Al delantero estrella del Wolverhampton y la Selección Mexicana ya le cansó verse igual en el videojuego desde hace…
Gracias, primera noche de tradeo
Si algo bueno y grandioso tiene el es ver saltar a Yuri al campo con ese brazalete de capitán con la bandera de .
Este juego me tiene así 🤓 . Vamos banda
Empezó la temporada de: •¿Dani, vos estás usando internet? • “Salí arquero, lpqtp” • “Hacelo, por favor” • “qué sal”
PRESIÓN. Vamos a ver cómo dan los números de la encuesta.
Jugando al modo carrera, modo jugador, cuando completás la hazaña "adelantar jugadores con regate x/75" los movimie…
Por si no lo vieron antes de votar, este es el nuevo de esta semana en
ULTIMO DIA DE ANTES DE LAS RECOMPENSAS EN !!!! Id a verlo !!!
Triplete. Conseguimos in ,
LLEGÓ EL y octubre Okto Beer, Parque Iberoamérica A partir de las :00 p.m.…
Los jugadores de ya tienen su .
Ni dos semanas y ya estoy harto!!! Cada año nos engañan con lo mismo... El juego más injusto, falso y repetitivo de…
Tremendamente Feliz Por La Clasificación a . Lo que hagamos será otra historia a…
De momento los tiros libres siguen siendo la gran cruz de Doncic. Es algo parecido a lo que me pasa con los penaltis en .
Muchos jugadores de inclusive profesionales y creadores de contenido quejándose que el juego les resulta “A…
En si te marcan un gol y seguidamente va al saque de centro sin repetición ni nada, ese partido lo pierdes…
Se me ha hecho tarde.
This is
QUE JUEGO ROBOTICO ESTE
Una para los buenos amigos
Por si no vieron mi primer video jugando fifa por primera vez...
lainer te doy mi voto de confianza
Neymar en Alemania vs Neymar en España. Juzguen ustedes.
Mates y
STREAM en jugando RIVALS Y haciendo nuevo equipo
NOVEDADES. Mejoraron Plata . Además ahora recibimos los puntos de FUTCHAMPIONS
De a división me desiendo a propósito a la ta para ver si así me dejan ganar y no jaja porqueria
¿Quieres un ? El te lo regala 🤩
Tech Avion la mentira mas grande de
Ahora en Plata de recibiremos los puntos y no en Oro como figuraba en las recompensas.…
Por cierto, no descartemos la opción de que las medias altas (86, , , etc) estén un poco hypeadas por el tema d…
Mañana son las primeras recompensas de Este es el º año de Fut Champions, y en los años anteriores no…
Nuestros jugadores de lo están dando todo en la . Nuestro jugador ya lleva pu…
Ya estoy en
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | ️ Presentamos también, pese a no ser nuevo en nuestras filas a .…
PS4 | Ésta noche a partir de las :00 hs estaremos disputando los octavos de final de la , enfr…
Grandes Confrontos Investimentos Lucros Segue o video
Garrido 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
HOY DOS TORNEOS DE PROS está jugando en su stream contra la final de winners…
ME ACABO DE PASAR EL PUTO
| ️ Esta noche estaremos disputando los octavos de final de la con el objetivo de pa…
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Anunciamos, de nuevo, la llegada de procedente de…
Terminada la primera jornada de la Liga estos son todos los resultados. REPETICONES
Para los aficionados del aquí el equipo de la semana. Nueva semana, y nuevo Team Of The Week. El nuevo TOT…
Este año en los sobres tocan las cosas. Así da gusto abrir sobres y hacer SBCs
| Ayer nuestro equipo arrancó con el pie derecho, quedándose con /6 ante dos durísimos rival…
Mas tarde a destapar sobres del nuevo
Inviable jugar online en
Los servidores hoy son una broma como puede ir tan mal un juego online...es impresionante
️Carlos Vela: Récord de goles en una temporada en MLS 🇲🇽️ ️Bastian Schweinsteiger: anunció su retiro del fútbol…
Así quedaría mi equipo para este fin de semana de FUT Champions. Cabe recalcar que si mañana en las rewards de FU…
Este juego me gusta muchísimo más que el del año pasado.
PRESENTACIÓN OFICIAL | Presentamos a nuestros tres capitanes. Ya habituales a lo largo de nuestra nueva…
Siempre he tenido la teoría de que utiliza las cuentas de youtubers de como cebo/escaparate,…
Me ponen delante a Conor McGregor después de perder un partido en el con un gol en el último minuto y por e…
Todo muy lindo en el Morro de Saõ Paulo pero las ganas que tengo de viciar y agarrarme a puteadas con la co…
A veces son mago no ‍
Siempre disfruto ganar, pero aun disfruto más cuando le gano a un mamerto de pacotilla.
No suelo poner mucho esto aquí pero... Promoción Pará la da semana de FUTCHAMPIONS *válida…
A ver si me lo puedo hacer
Entró Alario para cambiarlo todo: Gol y asistencia del ex y ¡Disponible ahora! De las calles a los e…
Analiza esta plantilla cambiando luego a . Agilidad, pases, definición, buena defensa, y de pierna mala los…
¿Es mi idea o el hándicap sigue existiendo en el ?
Todos los sobres que abro son una puta mierda. No se si me compensa gastar monedas para completar los retos de las…
Y seguimos con una maldita flor en el culo!!! !!
Que aburrido es , mucho elite y tal pero nada divertido, que vuelvan las divisiones gracias
Nadie se anima y echa unos clubes pro??
Ultimos días para participar en el SORTEO de Fifa Points para Fifa en Cualquier Plataforma. Link para participar…
Asquerozo este fifa, el peor en años
En la vida hay dos clases de tontos, los de toda la vida y los que te dejan las repeticiones en el FIFA
Lucas Leiva heroe
Lo que cuesta ganar un puto partido este año de verdad... P.D.: Arreglad los servidores por Dios... …
Me aburre , me niego a jugar a posesiones aunque sea lo más efectivo, no puedo jugar como si me jugara el torneo de la liga..
NUEVO VÍDEO!! CONSIGUE A THEO WALCOTT (85) SBC POR K!!! CHEAPEST THEO WALCOTT FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM…
Otro día más en que se hace INJUGABLE . Ya va siendo momento que empiecen a hacer algo con los servidores. N…
Nos estrenamos de falta con el tito Fekir
Por primera vez, Adidas desarrolla una pelota exclusiva para el FIFA Ultimate Team
Ayer empezamos una nueva temporada mi “rival” de siempre y yo en la y adivinen quién no deja de decirme papá basta? 🤷‍️
Jugar me quita las ganas de jugar videojuegos en general, que malos son los servidores. También se nota muc…
Por fin en mis manos ️
MIERCOLES DE SUPER ACCIÓN!!! Arranca un nuevo fifa y se mide ante el ultimo campeon…
te amo harit
¿Soy el único que odia a Havertz en ?
Vídeo y guía para hacer el SBC de FIFA "Híbrido de Liga y País básico". Espero que os sirva …
Así los tiene a los que metieron gol contra Alemania en el partido de hoy... hay que…
Pude hacer que funcione de la siguiente manera: - idioma de la Web app &gt; Ingl…
Lama cayó ante Godoy Cruz por los vos de final. De esta manera se despidió del torneo ante un gr…
Estos muertos de estarán viendo el partido de los jugadores de a ver si abren los ojos para…
Que puto asco cuando veo la pared lisa
HOY SORTEO MENSUAL DE SUBS Y VEMOS LAS MILNERGANANCIAS Y ROAD TO RIVALS
Estoy en vivo! Ven a visitarme aca: vía …
Que no toquen el gameplay del Que arreglen los bugs (Si pones la -3-2-1 con el MCD entre defensas arranca…
Estamos en directo llorando en Rivals...
Jugando a FIFA : Partidos VOLTA y los servidores de EA caídos... …
Yo pense que iba a ser un juegazo, hasta que le metieron el parche para ayudar a los que no le ponen mucho talento...
Lo mejor sería tener en el de las con y ... para que e…
A nadie le ha pasado que con todo el hype del sbc de esta tarde ha comprado jugadores de plata de la juve y luego h…
🇪🇸 En una hora y media dará comienzo los cuartos de final entre vs Lo podréi…
Se filtran los que podrían ser los nuevos balones de Llegarían en la próxima actualización del videojuego d…
es el delantero que necesitaba
NUEVO SBC GRAN COMIENZO + DIVISION RIVALS EN DIRECTO !!!
Qué tal me caería una partidita de para variar.
La verdad es tiene una forma curiosa de emparejarte de hacer matchmaking, como siempre para joder al usuari…
Hay un Alemania Argentina bastante curiosete en estos momentos. Me apetecería encender la consola y darle un ratit…
GRACIAS
Esta tarde ha salido un SBC que dan sobres normalitos, pero están caros los jugadores de la Juve... Hacerlos mañana…
¿Alguien me elica esto?
Jiménez hizo un reclamo a EA Sports Parece que al mexicano no le gustó su look en …
La compañía y Jay-Z fichan a
Apareció "Míster Champions" ¡¡No te pierdas la recreación del Juventus vs Leverkusen en el nuevo FIFA20 …
Valdra la pena vender a Griezzman OTW y comprar a Ney?
🤴 Camisetas con sponsors conocidos entra dentro de las “enlistables” 🤴
¡Eres todo un crack! Nos encanta esta con y
🤬 Parece que Raúl Jiménez no quedó nada contento con su look en
He enfadado a un gabacho
K vrg pasó aquí. vs.
Activa los recordatorios en ! Amistosos de la Selección Española ️ Viernes a las :40H &gt;…
Heung Min Son, que fuerza, que garra!
Alfin cojones! Alfin sale lo que quiero en cada partido! preparado para el siguiente
Con ganas de que salga Frosty para hacer cosillas
Puedo estar solo frente a la portería y aun así la puedo fallar Bien 🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦
️ ¿Conoces la Palesnipe? , que es parte de nuestro staff, creó una herramienta para snipear en el…
¡El nuevo ya está disponible en Ultimate Team!
De colegueo con y en Ven a divertirte y saluda! …
Conferencia de dt Scaloni
LaLiga: ¡_nelsonsemedo_ y aitorfernande13 forman parte del !
NUEVO con el titulo "GRAN COMIENZO". Os dejamos los Requisitos. ️️…
Pero que sacada de
La gente hace de todo para robarte a todos tus jugadores 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Hándicap ql ordinario wn
Locura hoy en el grupo . Los Milner han dejado un profit muy grande. ¡Podéis snipear jugadores del Liverpool y…
Les dejo posibles soluciones con jugadores del club ️
Ya estamos en directo de Clubes pro haciendo Road to Primera Division.
Os traemos la solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Híbrido de liga y…
Os traemos la solución al Desafío de Creación de Plantillas ... Híbrido de liga y…
Este año en el modo torneo dentro del de dan premios para facilitar la clasificación a…
Si necesitas un buen delantero, te presentamos a los mejores.
Milner entre K-2500K Vendidos a K Todo esto gracias a la extensión de !
Comienzan los primeros partidos interesantes entre los profesionales que tenemos en España de ¡Todos den…
¡ y forman parte del !
¿Y Carlos Vela?
¡Mendy nada mal! Recompensa del Gran Comienzo
Mañana se viene día intenso de . Por fin voy a poder hacer una pequeña inversión en FP para hacer una mejora…
Desafío de Creación de Plantillas 'Gran Comienzo'... Piden dos jugadores del Piemonte (Juvent…
Espero que se digne a actualizar las caras de los jugadores del Barça (Arthur, De Jong... etc). Me par…
No suelo subir en este perfil cosas sobre videojuegos pero merece la pena subir esto. Un poco de suerte, ¿no? No es…
Este FIFA es lejos el peor que he jugado.
Segundo Capítulo, no es el debut soñado, pero... live at
La conexión entre tu y yo es algo INDESCRIPTIBLE.
Si ahora os devolvieran el dinero que os costó incluidos los Fifapoints, pero no pudieseis jugar hasta el ... Aceptarias?
Adama Traore IF
Bombazo
Tras la actualización de PlayStation todos los equipos de Clubes Pro de no se verán afectados a la ho…
Masomenos
No entiendo en verdad q tan difícil puede ser q cada uno juegue solo sin la ayuda d la máquina, no necesitas jugar,…
No te pierdas estos jugadores
Define Irony.
Nuevo SBC en Interesante idea, buenos sobres de recompensa. Posiblemente suban los precios de los jugadores…
Valiente basura el puto estoy hasta el navo de sus putos bug, de las caídas de jugadores solos y de la ida…
¿Por aquí? NO ¿Por allí? TAMPOCO con sus paradas 🧤 le dio al su primera victoria a…
Ya está en el canal el segundo capítulo del modo carrera manager con el Fuenlabrada llegan fichajes Ir a verlo, su…
Jiménez hizo un reclamo a EA Sports Parece que al mexicano no le gustó su look en …
¿Cuál será el rival del en el de ?
Ni Division Rivals se puede jugar del delay que hay en Argentina jajaj que vergüenza. Que vergüenza …
plantilla cerrada Ahora toca disfrutar de estos increíbles jugadores y trabajar duro noche tras noche p…
La comunidad de está dividida: ¿tiene el juego todo lo que se esperaba de él? 🤔
Como nos gusta contar cosas en " aquí os dejamos nuestra review de Si estabais pensando en subiros las ca…
En DIRECTO
Felicitaciones Defoe por obtener tu carta IF en el en este nuevo !! Todos recordaremos tu paso por el…
Seguramente durante este FIFA20 vaya subiendo, de vez en cuando, por aquí los equipos que uso en en un esti…
Estos son los jugadores de más chetados y baratos de FUT20.
Ya somos seguidores en Instagram, como agradecimiento tenemos un sorteo de una PSN Card de USD! Para partic…
Ya sabemos el cuarto de con Semedo, Dybala, Gómez e Inmobile como más destacados.
Vamos a jugar a de sin cabrearnos 🤔asi que pasate por y disfruta
🇪🇸 ¡Hoy nuestros chicos de juegan un partido importantísimo para lograr el pase a semifin…
En una horita directo de Clubes Pro en , haciendo un Road to Primera Division! No te lo pierdas!
¡Nuevo TOTW de esta semana! Quizá de lo más destacado será ese Semedo LI (pierna cambiada), Verrati , Papu Gómez…
Siempre sano
Que harías?
Me a tocado el bueno de busi, mejor esperar a final de mes para venderlo como el año pasado o ahora ?? …
La semana de FIFA Ultimate Team ¡Ya está aquí! Paulo Dybala, Marco Verratti y Ciro Immobile destacan entre los…
EN DIRECTO | ¡ está analizando el de en el canal del ! …
Se terminaron las predicciones y... está oficialmente en
Subiendo media (88) con mi brother
Que sida dieron el y el
Argh nooooo🤢
Ayer comencé mi temporada online del y orgullosamente les cuento que empecé con una victoria. ️
¡Felicidades eres parte del !
¡Youtuber CONFIRMADO! El domingo de octubre nos visita en ¡Ven a conocerle y pregúnt…
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
ATENCIÓN Se buscan jugadores para equipo profesional !! DFC LI LD PO Plataforma : PS4 Horario : De a…
¡Bono de hasta €! Regístrate en William Hill con el código ESP300 Ofertaválida para los clientes nuevos que…
Y como era de esperar TIRADA de CABLE
La queja de Raúl Jiménez sobre el ...
Thanks - Nélson Semedo 🇵🇹 Chemistry
disponible en ! …
EN DIRECTO Jugando Division Rivals en Fifa . Entra y ve los lloros en HD ️
Pues los que han comprado a Sarabia para venderlo más caro están llorando
NOTA: fijaros sobre todo en los links verdes y completar vuestro equipo en función de los jugadores que tengáis par…
Estos fueron los juegos con más descargas de …
Tercera plantilla del DCP de hibrido de Países: los élite ocho …
Segundo equipo del DCP de Híbrido de Países: seis de los mejores …
Primer equipo del DCP del Híbrido de Países: los ultimos cuatro …
Y vos cuál crees que te va a tocar como recompensa de Fut Champions? O cual querés mejor dicho . . . . . .…
Lo prometido es deuda y os traemos soluciones de los SBC del Híbrido de PAÍSES. Nos faltaría el cuarto (el más co…
Jiménez y una queja en el
Grandes Confrontos Investimentos Lucros Segue o video
Estoy empezando a desesperarme con el la verdad. Defender es totalmente imposible, los jugadores hacen lo q…
Chicos y chicas he colaborado en en un análisis de pásate a verlo, asi me podéis "hatear" un…
Me gustaría saber quién es el iluminado de EA que decidió que los temas de colores básicos, en lugar de color plano…
Cuando pones el en aficionado.
Esto según es penalti y eulsión.. A esto me refería con el tweet de antes, esta semana está el juego en…
Panic k -&gt; k 🇪🇸Sarabia
Segunda victoria en , a por más !
Este es el de !! Dybala🇦🇷 Papu Gómez 🇦🇷 Semedo🇵🇹 Bergwijn🇳🇱 Immobile🇮🇹 Mañana estos saldrán en las rec…
Obviamente el viene acompañado de un nuevo vídeo de . • No solo eso, con el viene un nuev…
Análisis: "¿Suficiente evolución? (8/10)
Buscamos gente con disponibilidad de L a J de a para y para PS4 Pocisiones ; P…
NUEVO EQUIPO DE LA SEMANA!! MAÑANA PRIMERAS CARTAS ROJITAS DE FUT CHAMPIONS!! DYBALA🇦🇷 IMMOBILE🇮🇹 GÓMEZ…
Ya tengo ahora solo me falta el play... 🤣🤣🤣
¿Cuál será el rival del en el de ?
Jajajajajajaja que cómico mi papá diciéndome comprate , es tu regalo de cumpleaños 🥰! Ya estoy viejo pero u…
Activa los recordatorios en ! Amistosos de la Selección Española Viernes a las :40H &gt;…
Mi marido ocultando que se compro el
Cuando te enteras que en la harán algo especial mañana con el . No es su mejor versión…
NUEVO EQUIPO DE LA SEMANA ESTE SERÁ EL DE LAS RECOMPENSAS DE MAÑANA!! DYBALA INMOBILE EL PAPU Con cual te quedas…
Abriendo sobres de fifa me salió este crack. Según investigue la mete hasta con la chota
Ya que estamos en épocas de estrenos y lanzamientos, ustedes, amantes del fútbol y los videojuegos, ¿cuál prefieren…
FIFA was the best-selling game in Spain during the month of September - -
Buen comienzo ya con profit, con poco tiempo de juego, pero Full trading. …
ESPABILAU! Siempre es lindo tener a Aued en tu lista
⬇ ¡Este es el de para esta semana! ⬇ lo analizará en el canal del (…
Que Papu Gómez aún no tenga cara real en es un auténtico DELITO.
Nuevo equipo de
NUEVO VIDEO : ABRIMOS SOBRES SBC Y NUESTRO OTW ASEGURADO ES...| vía …
El equipo de la semana ya está aquí. …
Este sábado organizamos en el VIPS de Cuatro Caminos el primero de los cuatro torneos de FIFA ! Todos los de…
Vamos por
Nuevo Equipo De La Semana. Parece que "lo que suponían algunos" con Sarabia y Hazard no ha sucedido y…
Alguien sabe , a los cuántos partidos en ultimate team , te desbloquean el mercado de transferencias en el mobiel o…
¡NUEVO ! ¡Con jugadores muy interesantes fuera de su posición inicial!
¡DECEPCIÓN CON EL NUEVO DE ! Este será el equipo que aparecerá en las primeras recompensas de FUT Ch…
Luis 'Chaka' Rodríguez forma parte del equipo ideal de la semana del tras sus dos asistencias ante Santos.
Con el Gran en la MADRID GAMES WEEK.Espero algún día en el futuro grabar algo chulo contigo. Gracias…
Semedo forma parte del de
Esperen, esperen ... ¿De verdad Adama es RWB? ¿Me sacaron a Adama como lateral derecho? Pues muchas gracias EA SPO…
Superboxla her yerde fiber var!
El de
¡Immobile , Pallois y Bergwijn aparecen en ! Disponible a partir de las hrs. 🇦🇷/🇨🇱 hrs.🇲🇽/🇨🇴. …
Puntuad del al :
de ¿¡Dónde está mi Carlos Vela!?
New video on the channel!
VAMOSSSSS
Nuevo Lo más destacado Dybala 🇦🇷 Semedo 🇵🇹 Bergwijn de MCO 🇳🇱 Papu Gómez 🇦🇷 *Finalmente Adama Traoré 🇪🇸 sa…
! Semedo de not bad, El Papu y Dybala. Me llama la atención el ED del PSV que salio como MCO, si baja fuert…
NUEVO EQUIPO DE LA SEMANA
Lo único que yo le pido a EA es: No te olvides de y su récord. Ojalá y salga en algún objetivo o en SBC.…
¡Paco Padilla, Abraham Gomis y Jesús Sánchez son los mejores jugadores de la semana! 🧠¿Quién…
Nuevo Equipo de la Semana. ¿Qué os parece?
Francamente ¿Quienes les harían ilusión en rojos? A mí Semedo Y El papu, Bergwijn y Adama para revulsivos
COMENZAMOS Torneo Al mejor de 🆚 Hay dinero en juego YO NO ME LO PIER…
Ok lo de Messi no fue real, disculpen por eso Ahora: Acertamos a Plea Wesley Aitor Theo Hernández Immobile E…
¡Conoce los mejores jugadores en fin de contrato!
Para los que estamos esperando que arreglen el modo carrera
Oblak el mejor portero de
️ Equipo de la Semana ¿Qué jugador te sirve para tu plantilla? Semedo 🇵🇹 Verratti 🇮🇹…
:¡Contrata a estos jugadores buenos y baratos para el Modo Carrera!
Ya está la votación para el de la Bundesliga. Se me hace que se lo lleva Cou
Que equipazo de la semana en dijo nadie nunca
Mira hijodepta ahora mismo te tengo delante y te juro por mi madre que te arranco la puta cab…
Para los que jugamos con liga Santander ojito ... Parece que Semedo (que igual no se cual es el criterio para que h…
Solo voy a decir, que me acaban de decir que se vienen argentinos atacantes en el : Dybala El papu Y ...…
También se dice que saldrá el papu Gómex, chicos!! Entonces vendemos algún Gossens porque dudo que salga
FIFA was the best-selling game in Spain during the month of September - -
Nuestro crack del está haciendo un SOR-TE-A-ZO. Aquí abajo tenéis el tweet:
Estaba jugando y creo que me vino defectuoso. Elegí al Real Madrid como de costumbre, y mientras jugaba com…
Nuevo vídeo!! ¿Conseguiremos ascender?/ CLUBES PRO/ FIFA
Chicos!! Nelson Semedo Paulo Dybala Immobile Saldrán Por lo tanto, yo vendría a Arthur si es que invirtie…
En min comenzamos DIRECTO
¡BOOOM! 🤬 Parece que Raúl Jiménez no quedó nada contento con su look en
LA EVOLUCIÓN DE LEO 🇦🇷 Repasamos cómo fue evolucionando Messi ️ desde el hasta el ¿Con cuál…
La misma historia de siempre. Como esto siga así, volveremos a y jugar offline con Castolo y Minanda. …
Fuga de datos personales en por culpa de vía
Tradeando un poquito por el mercado de he consigo sacarme unas poquitas de monedas . Me voy a pasar a la p…
¿Ya votaron por el de Septiembre?
Hoy hay partidos de selecciones. Atentos a esta carta. Y recordar, se vende en el hype, no os esperéis por lo q pue…
New video on the channel!
Los que se quejan de la jugabilidad del es porque no saben jugar, me parece mucho mejor que el año pasado a…
Ojalá el Madrid tuviera un delantero como él
Candidatos al POTM de Septiembre de la Bundesliga Link:
Mejoran los equipos pero el récord sigue!!
Por fin algo interesante. 🤩🤩🤩🤩
Hoy me llega mi , estoy tan feliz!
Nuevo SBC de FIFA disponible! A ver lo que tarda en irse de las manos el precio... …
El pelé de los pobres
Votado Coutinho. No me lo haría a no ser que saliese MCO.
No Hazard No Sarabia. APPARENTLY!
Vamos 🦅
De bien nacido es ser agradecido🤗La publicación de hoy es para agradecer a otro fantás…
Táctica -1-4-1... Actualizamos la ‘Guía de Táctica y Formaciones Personalizadas ’…
Táctica -1-4-1... Actualizamos la ‘Guía de Táctica y Formaciones Personalizadas ’…
Theo H. Adama T. Defoe Darle Follow para próximas cosillas
Adama Traore
El deporte manda en la lista de los juegos más vendidos en España en septiembre
Jorghino
dejar de aplicarme siempre a mi el puto hándicap
El deporte manda en la lista de los juegos más vendidos en España en septiembre
Match Day! ️ : Vs : : :00 Streaming en : Nos vemo…
Me compré el y casi no he tenido mucho tiempo para jugarlo
Continúan los lloros con .... pero oye chavalitos de salida eh
SBC FIFA | Liga y País básicos| Barato y sin lealtad
Seguimos con las soluciones para los DCPs Avanzados de Esta vez, el de Híbrido de países …
Ayer cerramos el sorteo del primer que nos ha cedido para regalar entre uno de nuestros seguido…
Esta me gusta más, con Vinicius, Rabiot y Cuadrado. Más velocidad 🤔️
Ganar un draff y que te den un sobre de K y otro de K y que el sobre de K sea esta mierda.. no se cuantos sob…
Nos caracterizamos por ser una familia disfrutando de la buena compañía, ya sea o…
🇪🇸 Queremos felicitar en el día de hoy a todo el equipo de por el pase conseguido en la n…
% verdient!
para olee
FIFA y Borderlands dominan las ventas de septiembre en PlayStation Store - -…
Yo ya he votado a mi ¿¿a qué esperas para hacerlo tú también?? Yo voté Al mago …
Comienza la época de Flashbacks en y tanto si eres nuevo como si eres veterano, esto te viene bien...
EA Sports y la FIFA lanzan las EA Sports FIFA Global Series
No ha fallado a su cita anual ni una sola vez desde y se ha convertido en uno de los videojuegos más vendidos…
Es que pedazo de guante tenía. Me hacía ilusión verlo de icono en este ... pero vacío.
Te dedico este sobre . Aquellos que no creían empezaran a creer jajaja …
FIFA y Borderlands dominan las ventas de septiembre en PlayStation Store - -…
Buenos dias People!!! Estoy en directo en Entrenando en para el FINDE!!
Las palizas antes de currar son bien
Qué tal amigos? Cómo va esa semana? Mañana se vienen recompensas de Rivals y FUT. Algún oro ? Os traeremos algu…
Grande y su
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL REAL MADRID x MANCHESTER CITY GAMEPLAY FIFA via Ga…
¿Cuál será el de de esta semana? 🤩 Vente a comentarlo esta tarde con nosotros y con al…
FIFA's motivating ad: "Wrong Breaks New Ground". …
Ya están lanzados los partidos de la segunda ronda de la división clasificatoria de en ⬇…
¡¡NOTICIÓN!! Hoy no me pierdo tenemos enfrentamiento de 🆚 Al mejor de …
Me han marcado este gol en la prórroga...
Buenos días chicos como dije dejaría en lo que voy a invertir hoy,siempre al precio máximo que veis reflejado si n…
algo decepcionado la verdad... Jugabilidad de pero poco realismo. Primer partido... Y hat-trick con luuk de jong...
FIFA y Borderlands dominan las ventas de septiembre en PlayStation Store - -…
Chicos buenos dias, existen las cuentas tocadas en ? Yo personalmente creo que si. Por que vaya inicio de Fifa llevo... madre mia
Mensaje importante en
Yo practicando la nueva manera de tirar faltas en
🤙Vamos con todo en este 🤙
La manifestación en Madrid por FIFA será este viernes y estos serán sus proclamas …
Good morning! Today we will have Afternoon and ...
no está bien
Una gran parada.
Juego al para desestresarme y termino estresándome más. Gracias por tanto
La mejor elicación que vi para empezar ULTIMATE TEAM vía . pasen por twit…
️¿QUIERES GANAR EL NUEVO ? ESTO ES LO QUE DEBES HACER: Síguenos en Twitter Retwitea este tweet. 🧡Dale li…
Jugar con Giroud en no es como jugar con , es como jugar con . QUÉ ASCO DE CARTA.
El modo Volta del es la leche , como lo estoy disfrutando
Semana de parón, semana de selección. Aquí os dejo la predicción de marquesinas de . . . . . . . .…
Buscamos gente Clubespro20
Busco club Para VFO ID: BossAleex10 Posición Primaria: MCO Posición Secundaría: DC/MD/MI Eeri…
Fuga de personales en vía
Bienvenido Mertens Ultimate Team :3
Las grandes figuras del lucieron sus habilidades en un reto al estilo . …
Un parón de uno de los mas veteranos del equipo de que volverá en cuanto mejore su situación personal. Muc…
Yo tirando faltas en .
Ustedes tmb viven tanto Ultimate team que si le va mal al equipo y no logran ganar hace un par fechas, cambian al e…
Nahuevona, vamos! Empato al +
Nono no hay fechas todavía para cuando van a corregir el modo carrera en ? Imposible jugar y…
¡Tú papá! Fotógrafo.
¡Llévate para o por solo ,90€!
En unas marquesinas de 5k 🤑
Real CF 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Mi mejor pack en , aunque menos monedas que Laporte. Justo entra en mi equipo de la Bundes
Esto es normal????? Por favor ayudarme porque me voy a presentar en y le voy a meter fuego os lo juro…
Ya que varios en el stream lo han pedido empezaré a subir los UL1-Picante's resumidos a mi canal de YouTube, así…
La idea es llevar el club a lo más alto de la competencia. Es un camino difícil pero confío en los chicos y se que…
Pintaron esos con la banda ¿Conoces mi cyber gaming en Carlos Paz? Ay…
Calentando motores con el rey y compañía en Rivals para mi primer fut Champions
Como diría mi presi ... Un día más en la oficina para nuestro Chakafú de oro!!! 🥃 …
Se confirma el lanzamiento de la consola PS5 a final del contará con lector de películas K entre muchas ot…
La magia no cambia de un fifa a otro
El otro miércoles es mi cumpleaños y espero que arreglen el modo carrera para como regalo 🤷🤣
ESTAMOS EN VIVOOOO!!!!!!!!! VENITE AMIGO!! hoy se tradeaaa afaa…
Y ale sigue en el torneo de , no me da bola
Estoy en vivo jugando al
Mi plantilla actual de que le puedo mejorar? 🤔 Que recomiendan? Para este fin de semana de …
¿Cuál será el rival del en el 🦇 de ?
Tío necesito YA la portada del de la franja. Mi obra de arte será enmarcada y exhibida en Lo…
GÁNATE UN ¡El Tío nos leyó, se puso la del yo y nos mandó códigos! 🤪…
¿Cuál será el rival del en el de ?
Para todos los fiferos de mi twitter... ustedes pagaron el plus o tienen el dato de plus mas barato de esis instagram?
Mientras esperamos el duelo ante Uruguay ¡Nos enfrentamos en el ! 🇵🇪 Mira más videos aquí …
Con una de mis camisas favoritas hay streaming el día de hoy ! Acá les dejo el link …
| ️ Comienzan los octavos de final de la donde buscaremos pasar a la siguien…
Ultimate team!
ATENCIÓN El entrenamiento de hoy, es a LAS :30PM
Esto salio en el sobre que regalo EA por sus servers caídos
Que ahi qe hacer para ganar
Después de vender varios jugadores, se logró
Que modo de mierda que es Volta
Campeón Fifa en AE y H2H
Empezó ! 🥅 . Con victorias en partidos en la primera jornada de estoy verificado para…
Lo dice un campeón, me consuela ver que no son imaginaciones mías...
Me ponen rivales de para arriba. Resultados de hoy -2-2
Este es infumable, ayer en division rivals ganando de partidos, y hoy perdiendo de , jugadores…
Inició la temporada de y nuestros jugadores y empezaron con el pie derecho su camino h…
¿¿¿Pero que pasa aqui??? MODO CARRERA || NADIE QUIERE VENIR AL CLUB Y TERMINA EL TORNEO AMISTOSO …
Estos son los resultados que dejo la jornada de día Lunes. Donde Lama no pudo clasificar a la si…
MODO CARRERA CON MORECAMBE EN LA CUARTA DE INGLATERRA
He celebrado el gol como si fuese un Elite . Objetivo marcar de cabeza de corner con físico +82.
EL MEJOR PARA GANAR K POR DIA EN ULTIMATE TEAM! TRADE... via
Interesados hablen.
KAKÁ played to guess the scores of Real Madrid players at 🇪🇸
hijueputa no me gusta!
Vuestro juego es una putisima mierda sin sentido , panda de inútiles
Empezando
Buscamos GK para la próxima temporada en pc.
Alguien sabe si con puntos soy rango en division rivals?
La DELANTERA más CHETADA con esta PLANTILLA de la PREMIER LEAGUE - FIFA ... …
Muy contento de tener mi primera prueba en un equipo de iesa en Concentrado para dar el %. Mi represent…
Ganá un junto a un HyperX Cloud Blue y un HyperX ChargePlay Duo! Ingresá al link…
¡Viene lo bueno! Este fin de semana llega el primer gran evento rumbo a la Liga Matem . Sé testigo de los torne…
Segundo partido de hoy en el que hemos visto como otro de los nuevos equipos presenta candidatura a la Liga Moreca…
EL INFORMATIVO
Tema defensas en Ya no es sólo que cualquier delantero con más o menos velocidad les saca mucha ventaja en…
Soy increíblemente bueno en el ️
camino hacia el ASCENSO - HISTORIA - // Capítulo Season /20…
Vamos por el EP003 en MODO MANAGER de con el Rayo Vallecano por live at
Se meten en mi vida pero al final acaban saliendo. No soportan el fuego.
Hola . Si no vais a modificar el estadio de la real y poner el nuevo Anoeta (Reale Arena), en el…
Que es esto?? 🤦‍️🤦‍️
Soy muy polivalente
Como nerds de los botines que somos, amamos el enorme catálogo que tiene el nuevo de ️
Partidazo muy reñido - . SI Te lo perdiste puedes verlo en mi canal de youtube TOR…
Me gustaria saber que es toco el botón queria controlar y pasar.Supongo que es la conexión…
k monedas a falta de recompensas fut champions y rivals. Pues gozando
BIENVENIDO!!! Un refuerzo mas de cara a la , un conocido de la casa vuelve a ponerse la camiseta…
Goles por todos lados en amistoso vs el gringuis
Empezando temporada. Starting season.
Cositas
SALE tremendo CAMINANTE en mejora de oro
Estamos en directo!!! Los chengues quieren seguir con la buena racha en
HOY A LAS hs nuevo programa de Directv Sports Gaming! Por canal /1610. Me animo a hacer a…
FIFA | Modo Carrera DT: Chivas | “MUCHOS LLOROS” | Ya está arriba el nuevo video del…
-2 caemos ante Suerte para esta temporada chavales!
Jugadores más odiados del primer de : 🇪🇬 Mohamed Salah 🇸🇳 Sadio Mané 🇪🇸 Morales 🇫🇮Teemu Pukki…
Y ahora falta que y tenga VAR Sería la hostia Bueno quien quita, si lo d…
¿Solo a mi me pasan estas cosas en ? Para mi no es ni falta, pero en caso de serlo no es para roja directa…
Pues llevo más de partidos de squad Battel y estoy encaminado en ELITE no esta mal para ser mi primera semana en el 🥰🥰
Recordáis el proyecto del que os hablé? Me encantaria que todos los que me apoyáis me deis vuestro apoyo con este…
El peor juego de fútbol de la historia Con diferencia además
Lo estaba volviendo loco no dejándole pasar de medio campo y triangulando rápido. Pero...EL PASE DEL FINAL.
Y de repente, de una hora a otra los jugadores parecen troncos... y Salah parece un bronce de media ...
FIFA Archives 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Otro videazo de , en este caso para quienes se estén iniciando en el Ultimate Team. Ah, una cosa: Raúles…
LA GUÍA DEFINITIVA PARA ENTENDER ULTIMATE TEAM . Si siempre quisiste jugar pero no entendías nada, acá te ex…
Estamos en Twitch en directo! Mirando el mercado y jugamos un fut draft ¡venid!
Esto va cogiendo forma
Estoy On! Haciendo algunas misiones en el Ultimate!
La tuvo el fulham en Anfield
️ BALÓN OFICIAL presentó el esférico con el que se disputarán los encuentros de la Globa…
Vamos con esos en cinco minutillos!
Stream on Vamos asegurarnos el FUT de esta semana …
Empezamos Stream Me acompañas?
Tenemos resultado sorpresa, el actual subcampeón del torneo ha sucumbido ante la nueva promesa de la liga. Sligo R…
PRIMER PARTIDO de ANSU FATI con la SELECCIÓN ESPAÑOLA! SU DEBUT OFICIAL!... …
Mi proyecto de en va tomando forma. Aquí con Leandro Lino, , de…
Si entra esto...
Aunque haya tenido que cambiar hasta a familiares para conseguirle, ha merecido la pena.
| Primera victoria de nuestro player en la división clasificatoria de la suma…
El regalo perfecto no exis...
¿Alguien sabe por que en Division Rivals cuando voy a jugar con el rival mis jugadores se manejan solos? Gracias de…
¿Sabéis eso de mear a vuestro rival por arriba y por abajo y que, en dos minutos y sin margen de maniobra, te remon…
Concentración antes del partido
Nos quedan los equipos más baratos y chetados de la
Hoy no subiré predicción del ya que no he tenido mucho tiempo! Os dejo aquí la de para que la ec…
Iniciamos con la semana Nos vemos en vivo en punto de las PM UTC-5. Inscribete gratis a nuest…
TENGO QUE CONSEGUIR MÍNIMO 00 PUNTOS | FIFA …
️ENTREVISTA CON Muchas gracias por cedernos esos minutos para hablar sobre tu fichaje por el…
EL DERBI OLVIDADO - LEEDS UNITED Vs DERBY COUNTY …
Primer icono en
Pues nada, esta semana seremos de nuevo Élite en Squad Battles y CLASIF. en la competición semanal de Rivals.…
Tengo una duda... me compro al Kun Agüero o a Ben Yedder en ?
Arrancamos stream, vamos a seguir con rivals de y luego haremos las misiones de tiempo extra del
Muy buena guía para comenzar modo carrera en recomendado seguir a . Great job!
Basculacion y gol
Es el peor de todos los que he jugado, el hándicap es cada vez más, los arqueros le dan rebote hasta al vie…
Bienvenido, Paulo!
Estos son los porteros que tienes que intentar tener sí o sí en caso de querer tener tus espaldas bien cubiertas…
Marcelo Bielsa parámetros de edición
Se busca gente para jugar informal, somos por ahora, jugamos de a (de la mañana hora española) y hoy estare…
¡Echa un vistazo al entrenamiento del desde PlayStation ! ( ) live at
| ️ Asi finalizamos la fase de grupos de la y consiguiendo el prim…
Mi primera semana en , para ser más exactos en ... ¿Que me recomiendan para mejorar esta planti…
Doble parada
COMO NO 🤯. Me sale mi primer caminante sin estar grabando o en directo pero claro cual iba a ser.. GRACIAS…
Scaloni parámetros
Yo me quedo con esta, qué jugador te gustaría que fuese el siguiente que haga?
Por primera vez, crea una pelota exclusiva para en el paquete de FIFA Ultimate Team…
Buenas noches Wamedos Estamos de vuelta, ahora subiendo la media del jugador en Clubes Pro! Las pregunta…
Si es que cuando la conexion va bien el juego esta de putisima madre .. Pero cuando ya se nota el Delay , los juga…
Mi equipo va cogiendo forma.
FIFA | Modo Carrera Jugador | Cardiff City: “CARDIFF TRONCO” | Vayan a ver el último…
¿Y cuáles son los equipos más chetados y baratos de la ? ¡Dentro artículo!
ESTE JUEGO ESTÁ MUY ROTO!! A SALIR DE PLATA!! - FIFA ULTIMATE TEAM …
Dios!!! lo que crashea el modo volta de con los últimos drivers de la RTX no es normal!!!
Bayern ... -3-3 y todas las posibilidades en ataque Nos acercamos al campeón alemán. Un bloque muy potente…
Bayern ... -3-3 y todas las posibilidades en ataque Nos acercamos al campeón alemán. Un bloque muy potente…
Empezamos DIRECTO en en el canal de ! Vamos a darle a !
¿Alguien para un partido en ?
Aquí con mi nuevo jersey de Deportes Ñuñoa
Benzema a sido clave para el equipo , el jueves se viene Dembele 🤙🤫
Esta noche estaré de Ayudas/Pruebas Twitter: Posición: MCD, MD, MCO Eeriencia: ºVFO,…
Creo que me he viciado demasiado al ️
Cuando tu jugador de plata aprovecha sus minutos
Estoy en directo final de
TACTICAS + INSTRUCCIONES de mi primer FUT CHAMPIONS- ELITE - vía
Como se nota que ni miran fútbol Sudaméricano los de hubo bastantes jugadores interesantes la sema…
¡Otra de equipos chetados y bien baratos, esta vez de la
Muy buena definicion de mina
Rafael Santos borré 🇨🇴️
Buen pase con doble X,y mina se le escapa el control
LEYENDAS EN MI PRIMER FUT DRAFT EN FIFA 🤯 ⬇️Id a ver mi último video en YouTube ⬇️
No hay contenido de pero si hay en Twitter con la novela de y ( actores principales) y…
Hoy en "Hijos de mil putas con mucho tiempo al pedo y ganas de hacérselo perder a los demás, sin ninguna intención…
Mejoren la cara de
Se armó revuelo con la supuesta "FALTA DE CONTENIDO" en y salieron a responder y por l…
En unos minutos estamos con un video de con en estreno!!
Lenglet Camino a la Extinción ?
notable performers: auba - , , jesus - , , talisca - , ,
Este domingo se viene otro duelo de en entre el equipo de - …
He vuelto!! Estoy en directo con fifa !! Te vienes? …
Miren que lindo lo que nos llegó de !! A jugar volta ahora!
Ya no podía aguantar más.
Pedazo PACK que tenemos para hacerte con tu XBOX ONE: consigue tu consola con y desde ,95€, ¡mej…
Plantilla Semana
El unico juego de futbol en el que podemos ganar a los alemanes
Aunque lo que dice Zaro no es lo que la comunidad quiere escuchar, es lógico. Ninguno de los que se encargan de com…
Mejor un poco de FIFA que APEX no?, está un poco vacio el lobby...Vamos a por unos division rivals freshquitos!!…
Me gusta que en el puedas elegir a una entrenadora y que tengas que dar RDP
Serie B de Italia licenciada gracias a los Mod de PC
Qué locura para un hincha de Racing jugar al FIFA en el Cilindro, o no ? SORPRESA FIFA MODE ON…
⭐ JUGADOR HMC DEL DÍA ⭐ • Patryk Dziczek • (21) • Pivote +MC • Salernitana (Cedido por SS Lazio) • 🇵🇱 •…
Esto huele diferente... Se siente... …
| VPG Xbox Pro Clubs Cup | Hoy la sección de xbox participará en el torneo eliminatorio de…
Sokratis de FIS vs Sarr de FIS .Quién ganará?
Alguien pensó que era Virgil Van Dijk y pego un grito emocionado contándole al hermano,pero no les voy a decir quié…
Nuevo video! 🤟
Ese theo walcott flashback para su precio no lo vale en mi opinion
Otro dia sin contenido nuevo en FUT. Patetico de , encima de esto todo lo que hablaron en el verano…
Es oficial x Muchas gracias por confiar en nosotros, una de las mejores organizaciones d…
Necesito ayuda urgente para tácticas del
¿Cuáles son los equipos más chetados y baratos de la ?
A las :30 vamos a entrenar. Pruebas y Ayudas de jugadores para VFO. Posiciones requeridas: - Laterales - Defe…
¡Plantilla de menos de ks!
Con el sistema de pases y la conexión que hay en es muy difícil hacer jugadas,la mitad de los pases van a…
Vamos a Revisar el live at
Aquí haciendo cardio en mi break
No sé ustedes pero está en modo bestia en el
No hay cosa mejor que enlazar wn la Ps4 spotify y jugar al con auriculares oyendo musica...salen partidazos…
Hora de fifear vía
DIVISION RIVALS Y CHARLANDO
Estos son los equipos más chetados y baratos de
Siempre será un placer estrenar un FIFA ganándole a mi amigo de la infancia
Menudo G O L A Z O
Bastian Schweinsteiger 🇩🇪 se retira a final de temporada con el Chicago Fire. Como siempre decimos esperamos verlo…
Claudio Pizarro fue el mejor durante el reto que el le lanzó a los jugadores del .
Cómo continúo con la rutina habiéndome comprado el ??
Algún grupo de WhatsApp de ultimate team?
Pues ya estaría
SEGUIMOS ESTA LOCURA DE SQUAD BATTLES! / / …
y | | Buscamos y Si estás interesad…
EA Leaks Personal Data For ‘FIFA ’
Soñar es gratis... ahí estoy yo jugando con ⁦⁩ y ⁦⁩. Vamos a darle candela! …
Me parece una cagada enorme que en la ayuda de cambio automático de jugador con balones aéreos considere “b…
Es tan real el que Rodríguez aparece en el banco
🧠 ¿Queréis ver las ideas locas que se nos ocurren en Fastti?🧠 . . . . …
¿Es cosa mía o en se sacan tarjetas amarillas y rojas como churros? Al menos en el modo Ultimate Team 🤦‍️
Habrá que esperar hasta finales de para tener la PlayStation , pero mientras tanto, podemos disfrutar del fút…
He vuelto a instalar .Es horrible Ya esta,lo tenía que decir
CAMINA y ven
Segundo sobre que abro en y ya me sale a deco leyenda haha, creo que dejaré el un tiem…
Ya tenemos Fin de Era para
🤝 ProVirtual hizo llegar una carta a las principales ligas españolas de Clubes Pro de para poner en conocim…
Vamos que estamos en directo! FIFA | Valencia CF
Nuevo vídeo en el canal!!
EN DIRECTO | ya está en streaming en el canal del eSports abriendo sobres en este de…
Como mola hacer sbcs con la mierda que te dan para que te den mierda para hacer sbcs para que te den mierda…
Claudio Pizarro jugó divertido reto de en la vida real. Mira el vídeo para que sepas en qué puesto quedó nu…
Si ya tienes y vas a comprar FIFA FUT Points, visita este listado con los mejores precios, más baratos que…
Si quieres un ya puedes ser el más rápido y desmarcarte canjeando uno de estos códigos de la edición estánd…
NUEVO VIDEO! FIFA | LACAZETTE REVIEW.
Día SIGO SIN
Equipo top de , ideal para aquellos que gustéis de practicar un fútbol rápido y vertical en …
Resumen de la jornada de ayer lunes /10 Monto Inversión : 00 monedas 🃏 cartas vendidas …
**NUEVO VIDEO** EL PRIMER RESUMEN DE FUTCHAMPIONS DE FIFA ! Espero les guste Un Like se agradece …
WALCOTT!! Que bonico eres WALCOTT
Se filtran imágenes del nuevo juego ¨Fifa ¨, contando como protagonista principal al gran futbolista afroamerican…
Hasta mil participantes del torneo Global Series sufrieron la vulneración de sus datos. ️
Esta es mi pequeña colección cada año a sido una emoción única , sin duda alguna el mejor juego del…
| ¿Preparados para la vuelta al ? Os traemos sorpresas y seguro que muchas alegrías
Estoy en Meca DIRECTO con :
¡¡NUEVO VIDEO!! NOS TOCAN COSITAS EN LAS RECOMPENSAS DE SB!! F POR MI FUT CHAMPIONS
CONSIGUIENDO PUNTOS EN DIVISION RIVALS | FIFA
Cambios con k?
Me gusta jugar fifa ultimate team porque asi me siento Neto Bran con el deportivo mixco. …
Que lindo remontar un -2 por Champions sobre la hora con un hombre menos
Cuando le van a poner cara al Papu Gómez en ?
El Valencia presenta a sus nuevos cracks del eSport
Cristiano Ronaldo rejoins la famille sur
Nuevo video en el canal!!
en Metro San Francisco - Linea Carabanchel
El modo tiene divisiones online
Si la gente de va a pedir cumplir objetivos en Division Rivals del estilo de jugar con jugadores lent…
Hoy esta injugable, va a tirones en dicision rivals y es imposible dar pases seguidos
¿Marcare goles? Estoy en vivo jugando a en , ¡veme en ! …
Primer GOL OLÍMPICO en con CRISTIAN ANSALDI en INTERCAMBIOS, consiguiendo las TEMPORADAS de OBJETIVOS…
Preparados para este finde !!
Chavales DIRECTO en ! Vamos a darle caña a a ver si aprendo a jugar Estamos en º DIV!
El gran adivina con gran acierto las puntuaciones de los jugadores del en .
DEGRA FIFA GAMING: Modo Carrera FIFA : el parche definitivamente ll...
️ Golearás con este pack + + mandos = En …
Faltas en
Roberto Carlos magic
Carátula Sergio Ramos Si la queréis pasarme vuestro correo para mandaros el PDF Dale Like y compártela p…
Todo se cayó abajo • • • • • …
Es un orgullo empezar esta nueva etapa en un club como el . Gracias por confiar en mí. Siempre he que…
| Nueva Imagen | Renovamos todos nuestros banners para las próximas temporadas en el nuevo FIFA. Pa…
Nuevo SBC de FIFA : "Híbrido de Ligas". Aprovechad antes de que se disparen los precios …
¡Enhorabuena, ! ¡Cone alcanzó el domingo la segunda posición en el ranking mundial de y, ad…
Continuamos con la serie de los SBC de FIFA . En esta ocasión, os traigo las primeras plantillas del "Híbrido de…
Esta semana en el hablamos de películas de miedo, la adicción al , la de igualdad que…
NUEVO !!
Me dan igual a mi las personas que se han filtrado sus datos personales en las global series de fifa ... cua…
🤔⁉️ Pregunta para jugadores de Con el aumento del canal de a personas a la v…
Alejandro Darío Gómez (el Papu) indispensable para una Serie A.
Imposible ganarle al hándicap, la misma estafa otro año
Chicos darme ideas para vídeos que os gustaría ver en mi canal.Todo por vosotros.Comenzando el canal y con mucha i…
Hacemos el híbrido de ligas y bueno un caminante... que os salio a vosotros chavales?? ️SBC Híbrido de Ligas…
Si todo sigue el buen camino que está llevando estos días, puede ser que esta semana empiece a hacer algún directo…
Que alguien me elique este mensaje de .
La Carrarese Academy presenta: |Rosa /20 |TS/ES 🥅| …
millon de monedas solo tradeando y sin FIFA points
Se viene bros
ADELÁNTATE A LOS REGALOS DE Y APROVECHA ESTA ÚNICA QUE TENEMOS SOLO HOY DE UNA …
🤔 ¡KAKA jugó a adivinar las puntuaciones de los jugadores del realmadrid en el y habló del videojuego! No…
Hoy va a ser un día intenso en Division Rivals para buscar la clasificación a FUT Champions de este fin de semana.
Cuando te sale Messi en los packs de
Os traemos una plantilla icónica para • La Plantilla Destacada de está disponible YA en el juego p…
EA Sports cuando se caen los servidores
Alguien más ha hecho los SBC avanzados y le han dado los sobres pero no los k de monedas?
¡No te pierdas los jugadores que pueden salir en el de ! ¡Aprovecha ahora y cómpralos antes de que…
Un buen rato, con buena gente! Hablando de las cosas que nos pasan a todos en y de los proos, no te lo pie…
Nuevo programa de ! Primer Fut Champions del año, hablamos de los verificados y mandamos toda nuestra f…