This one is a pleasure!!!!!!! Icon 🇮🇹
Hi Twitter this is my first TUTO on
sales k of profit we're not too bad
I'm starting a LIVE on!
WHEN THE REWARDS START LIKE THAT!
Well the people who do the challenges for the icons, the ones who took nesta your opinions please?? I'm trying to take nesta/....
LET'S GO FOR A LIVE SHOW STILL READY TO DO AS RIVALS TO QUALIFY AS CHAMPIONS...
Hello. Only I have trouble on the app companion with animal captchas where we have to make images where we....
Vela too hard I do it for €
Hello Team my first name Hichem, I am a Gamer with a disability my two hands have never worked my P...
Live twitch ( kaotiicfifa) h awards was champion and division rivals and sbc icon
Have a good tournament at the Englos store! 🤙
Reassure me you're going to update Ribery's face...? It's not possible there.
We are in the group matches for this grand final of the tournament The level is there!
Great bugs from
Flip Ndombele investment to Max Benefs expected /Cards
Here you go! One of them will do anything to do the Swap icon CSL challenge
Propose a team a k
FUT | ALL KNOWN ABOUT "ULTIMATE SCREAM" (DATE, INVESTMENT, MARKET, PACKS) via
He said this is my team as if everything was normal... 🤦‍️
CAMINANTE +90!!!!!!! | THE AWARDS WERE CHAMPIONS!!!!!! TOTW!!!
WE PACK ONE OF THE BEST PLAYERS! (AWARDS WERE CHAMPIONS) → : ...
Finally, it's luck on, the child prodigy is here!
And let's go for the tournament at the Englos store with two prestigious commentators in person....
What a joke! What a shitty game.
My Reproduction of Bounedjah's goal against Colombia...
Really really funny.
I'm starting a LIVE on!
My first million! This is the first time I've ever been in the AR and seriously, it's breathtakingly crazy! Thank you, the...
IN LIVE AWARDS WAS CHAMPIONS! OF THE HEAVY!!! …
Have a good day...
Suggested improvements?
Hey, there's no spelling problem there? Free kick...
Frankly, I like you very much, but in They made you reunited, you say EXACTLY....
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Actually, the challenges are not for me..... I'm going to give up....
My first real team on advice?
Design of the FUT card for the POTM League
FIFA - MY REWARDS FUTCHAMPIONS AND RIVALS! live at
Do any of you know what the DCE is today?
the OBLAK that pops at k mdrr Magic Thursday?
Still impossible to make technical gestures in the Pro career it's great
Yesterday on, I dominated the whole game (70%/30%) More shots for shots for shots for shots for shots for shots for shots. J…
I have to admit something, is better than Fifa. There are still some flaws that's for sure, but following q...
Morning investment
Me at!
I'm LIVE on!
Our club InFiNity Project Xbox actively searches for a GK + / microphone / discord / available days a week from Monday to Thursday...
Live Rival Awards and FUT Champion
After many years, the photo of has finally been updated on .
I'll see you at h for a very, very big live!!!!!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Ehhhh thank you Fut Champions
We won the can but we're not in fifa looking for you what?
LIVE! FUTCHAMPIONS AND DIV'RIVALS AWARDS!
Money on Fut Champions and I pack one of the Best players... Video in a few hours!!!
Just a short message: 🤑 Let's hope for the first of a long series
Well I have k and a good balance sheet -25-59 But who bought... I don't know 🤔
All this ki me drunk: random pass, recovery, contact and carboard
Christmas trees are starting to arrive on
Hi little magicians, today I'm going to continue to make the tech Gold not rare to try to climb to the top...
My awards were champion with the Pl a l'honneur and a draft token
----- :the first big update to fix bugs is available
Playing a whole weekend will piss you off, concentrate, take casings but succeed in winning all this for Arturo....
▶️ Time to play with our eerts and ! Live demo of the game with the audience...
There's no valve...
Well we opened the rewards and it's not degeu at all ( I kept my elite pack) Nothing however as a rival...
There are really people who prefer PES to FIFA?
Here are my top rewards, frankly it's clean
A Thursday that starts very slowly but surely And what does it give you?....
Back to M
The MAJ has changed absolutely nothing, the game is still just as vivid as ever
Not much to get your teeth into in the rival div awards and were champions
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Awards were champions + Division Rivals
I'm starting a LIVE on!
I stop in V - D because I take no pleasure in playing this and I pack a Mohammed Salah in...
Investments
Small Live opening of my FUT Champions &amp; Rivals awards. ▶️
We go live as soon as we wake up! ◾Récompenses futchamp ◾Recompenses division rivals ◾Objectifs icones Go on....
Best player pack in mega pack, rare player pack, choice of players Elem sepciales and jumbo premiu packs....
Here is my team for this
What does your rewards give you? Show your nuggets in personal commentary and red gundogan
It's going well for me.
I don't want to open my packs, I feel like I'm going to get shit.....
since the beginning of fifa I have pack Gullit, De Bruyne and Sané pr once fifa gives me good cards 🤪
Tonight we face each other in by, as part of the matches and, clubs....
Fucking death game I didn't get anything again.
Yo, miff, so your FUT FIELD rewards, how'd it go? Sati....
So your rewards were champion and div. How's Rival looking? Show me your chance a little!
eh mercééééééé OR3
The FUT Champ player of the week awards! Quite happy to have recovered Digne, even if the ideal would have been Wij....
I think I'll make it past the millions today. Thank you for your help.
Too many choices, I really don't know what to take there, thank you
Aren't we supposed to meet people of our level on Rivals? I don't win a game, it's crazy! I take that....
It's terrible to think that I've been playing fut since then and I still haven't had a single legend or big game...
Heavy or not in your packs
The FUT Champions awards are coming up! ⏬⏬⏬
New video! How to import your club on and collect thousands of credits in a few minutes!.....
Has anyone tested Ballack? I'm thinking of challenging him to swap icons. If you have ideas in AG for -500K...
What time was the reward field?
ANDTT MERCÉÉÉ FOR THE PTIT KANTÉ
I love spending the weekend raging and not receiving my awards thanks to the sport
My team looks good, doesn't it?
Hello, you two!
The first real one looks good! Good sales to all!
Good luck with your Futchampions awards
An emoji just to show the quality of my rival rewards: That's all for me
I'm starting a LIVE on!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
So guys, his rival div awards, how's it going? I'm going to try to stream on the stroke of the h for the...
Small resumption of poker on since the release of and direct a positive session to more than e with....
Guys, I'm a rival rank, do I take saleable or unsaleable? Thank you for your answer
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Thanks a lot for the icon, huh?
So your rewards?
was HYPE rewards fields!!!!!!!
From h30h on, guys! I'm starting to take the popular players used in the gen field and - Pri...
Here is the league POTM map that will be coming soon! Source:
Rival Division rewards are coming in minutes! ⏬⏬⏬
Yesterday I had a little pleasure in buying Semedo boost DG
And to all of you, new video the last of the series, Quii choose as icon? In the video....
Hello everyone good day I advise you to possibly wait until tomorrow evening to open your rewards it is...
This game is broken, the goal line is in low battery I think haha
Incredible more win a single game since days even though I was within points of the DIV and now I'm following....
Honestly, every year you destroy a game that works well with your shit updates,...
We finally qualified for the FUT Champions after weeks of delay!
I'm LIVE on!
Alala. Losing like that, I hate it.
For my first participation I chose for the planet earth tournament with the participation of...
I'm LIVE on!
Oh well then another game I had to win...
It's clearly not a joke.
I'm going to need to be told how lucky I am in the packs on was.... During the week: Ramos, joao cancelo, Bergwi...
Basically, FUT is about creating your dream team. People's dreams are just sprinters. A game of athletics......
How? How? Why? Why? Help me.
ème Swap Icon ça avance little by little!!!
Join my Union of Football Underworld Managers. Our tag is:
Bjr, in addition to this (s) problem (s) of technical gestures, when creating players in their career,...
It's time to give your last strength in a small stream of a good hour ️️ From the Rival Division...
Here is M950k credits to ask, I hope one before the potential Friday night....
No comment
when your guard makes a pass error
Sancho in the game is too much
points in rivals I think that should be enough for the rank 🤣
The more time progresses the more the game disgusts mdrr it is exploded Fifa....
It's beautiful
It's nice the beta but if not the real game, fully finished it comes out when????
When you eat the leaf....
Club fifa created since this early afternoon and already k of transfer bénéf bénéf thanks simply to the technology or not....
I'm LIVE on!
Let's change the game and switch to it!
Hello people! Who sees an improvement? Thank you! «
Well, am I doing a little sick stream or not? Like a good time.
School action!
Change of position and gen and more for the pile soon updated on traderfut
School action!
Result of the evening in An encouraging match for the day with a win -0 Followed by a win...
Read or test? I think I'll clear my conscience by reading a little first. I make myself co...
Subscribe to my channel YTB...
The result of the evening was a very balanced match that ended in a draw. Few opportunities and a good chance to win.
Mdrrr the head from in... please change it!!!!!
A defeat in rivals that symbolizes all the defects of this Fifa20...
Do you understand why innocent controllers are broken every day because of this shitty game?....
Opening of who is pleasing
Fuck server ....
the maj not bad at all!! The game is a little slower and therefore more enjoyable! All we have to do now is slow down in....
the English will fuck you up the ass. The worst ADT community in the world at heart
Club pro c still a delirium
What time is tomorrow's rewards still and?
ELIQUEZ MOI COMMENT, EN, DES FUCKS DE GUEUX PEUVENT ENCORE JOUER EN LIGNE À FIFA AVEC UNE CO DE...
On Air.
Fifa20, so realistic with tennis scores! Incredible shit game!
Swap Icons again and I can get Roberto Carlos back! Quickly... Because mentally I am no longer, and I have gone down...
Evening investment on the +85 !
There are days when I bust asses like that
On the other hand, less contact, you have a yellow card
I'm LIVE on!
[e-Sports] x x x x: Episode Before the controller in hand, the three of them...
I'm LIVE on!
Sales of the day I of course not Try hard (not much relisted) because of the job But here are my best winds....
Can someone help me please I want to know if this number is free please?
🤤Wooouah THANK YOU so much it went viiiite I love you LIVE A/R to brew million⤵️ I am in....
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Since the update I can no longer launch it freeze my okkkkkkk play!!!!!!! it's normal?
My two teams on
Research on the position of Guardian! General me MP if interested (no strong team please)
Career idea: Jeremy Doku Age: years Potential:: ! (not fixed) Value : .3M of only € Its +: ag.....
We're going to leave on this team for this weekend hopefully do at least gold2...
Notice to gamers you are more PES or FIFA
Team choice to be made for a possible live career (then rebroadcast on youtube/twitch)[Only...
Tuto Purchase Resale Resale Purchase technique simple and easy resale: - No need to apply style - No need to apply style - No....
Game of sons of bitches, dead to the creators who make more and more disgusting games to just make money....
I understood your strategy, that's it. You come out of the maj news to make the game more and more naked....
Here is my Death Note: I will note the nickname of all the biggest FIFA whores I've met in stream Shhh, fa...
It's a waste of a fifa sant the team of Algeria I don't understand EA and the FFA who can't find an agreement for the team...
Ready for a new season
It tells you we're going live now on apparently there's been a new PATCH we'll see if it's better....
How many points to stay in Rank I division?
you bastards
Would it be possible to do a Tutorial "How did the kinematics go on was" for some players? No because of the...
We start a LIVE on!
Team Clash |||| ("Coup de génie" Memphis Depay)
With which club did you start your new career as a Manager?
Guys, what are your predictions for Halloween cards?
When you pack a totw into an unsaleable pack.... 🤪🤪
PLAY ANNOUNCEMENT We welcome our star player! He will represent our co...
I didn't know it was safe.
Small tech for investment
Who in Maddison's place?
And from, millions of friends and still without money, we continue the way ️
I tried a new system of purchase in Tech plane for the magic Thursday, Wednesday evening full full big players Thursday....
Here is the composition for this evening of competition on...
Yep, everybody! I'm going live here on FIFA! (Rivals Division + Acha Help...
The heads of OM players have been updated on Ça fait quand même plaisir
In Career mode I am the only one or not to have a star technical gesture with my player
Who Club pro fifa I want to do the Fc twitter?
Thank you for patching your game and accelerating it... No mention in the patchnote. Bra...
New episode AMIENS SC FIFA ASSE AMIENS //LOIN OF OUR OBJECTIVES...
MATCH DAY | | | ATHANS SuperClubs 🆚️ | ️ | ️ | | | | 40h | Resilience CUP 🆚️ | ️ | ...
New episode AMIENS SC FIFA ASSE AMIENS //LOIN OF OUR OBJECTIVES...
When Pierre Mènes destroys your team
Find us on from h on on Go to DIV
It has taken j since the official release, absurd!!!!!
It's been a week since I made investments for the DCÉ POTM L1 (Osimhen), they still haven't cancelled their investments...
The patch is out, we're finally going to be able to start the career
Player #1 : Player #2 : Player #3 : Player #3 : Player #...
What is the purpose of your update?
The gameplay has totally changed since the majestic one, hasn't it? I feel like it's a lot lighter and more enjoyable to play
I sell c shit.
I probably repeat myself every year but every time I think they can't do any worse... but if... the...
Welcome to the club
STREAM approaching! Last evening Rivals on, to get in shape before FUT Champions! Join us....
Premium gold package in sbc League bases and countries, Single country environment
It's a pleasure 🇧🇷
I'm stuck in division on sah how I became so bad 🤣
Fdp game
AAAAAAAAAH THE PICTURES OF THE OM PLAYERS ARE FINALLY UPDATED ON
Tournament To pre-register for one of the two tournaments, it's right here: - October...
You were expecting it, the ASPTT program at the! Tournaments and on PS4 &amp; October...
PTDR I put one on him!
I got penalties on fifa I missed some I understand that dale
I think he's in trouble here.
It's always nice to pack this player! Welcome to FAST FOOD FC
See you tomorrow for the grand final of the tournament ️ There will be good play, good spirit, goals and a lot of fun.
On the side of Sissoko is better to have?
Wait until tomorrow for the rewards to invest no sbc or packs tonight
Go LIVE I open big DRAFT rewards with you
Another evening without any interesting content... ... the weekly game and we already have the impression...
On the agenda tonight, the e and e day 🆚 &amp; conference Afternoon
It's me where the faces changed on the cards was
That's it!!!!! The OM players' cards are finally updated on! Payet, Strootman, and the others...
Here are all the sales of players bought LIVE with you resold in the afternoon Tech changem...
Do you have trouble finishing your actions on? Well, here's a complete finishing tutorial! The video...
fifa summary update:.......... nothing that changes
We leave live in a few minutes for resale purchase, SBCs and many other things.
It's been years since I played a real cotorep.
Come on, it's still recruiting in the E-gaming structure now a little new on
New recruit for Welcome
The gates of hell! And yet I'm having a blast right now...
On the program tonight, the day of the 🆚 A big piece tonight with quality players...
Episode arbitration error
It's amazing how much I don't enjoy it, maybe it's the edition too much for me. The only...
=&gt; update 5 finally fixes all bugs
Thanks to the formidable league1 challenge that made me lose divisions in since absolutely no one plays the league...
We wait until h to probably land in Tech Avion! In the meantime, we're talking about Friday's event!.....
I'm live on Twitch, join me on
For tonight the guys so packs in the shop I would recommend a simple investment to sell very quickly....
So we're talking about your guards stopping in the game?!!!!!
A rather... international one! In this international period... average but good!
NEW VIDEO 🆚 on, presented by...
Alexis Sanchez is injured month for those who did his OTW you're not well
If you play Xbox one and your gamertag is antsisk2316 know that I fuck your big mother the queen....
What news! I understood everything!
Tonight's program, Live: Come and cheer us on! …
New championship evening After defeats, it will be necessary to react from tonight to take the first few minutes of the race.
I don't have the words, bros, you're extraordinary! We're passing the viewer bar for the first time! A...
Thislique that
Tomorrow, Thursday /10 from h30, come and attend the final of the tournament organized in partnership with....
New TOTW available!!
The MDJS E-Sport Team is expanding by welcoming 🤗 in the FIFA section ️. Let's wear together 🤝 our...
Always a pleasure, this kind of person missed it.
I can't take this buggy thing anymore either.
Notifications enabled! I'll keep you informed when it's time to sell.
Tonight, we're going to start a little live to test the patch of and try to get some tokens....
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Hello everyone, my series on YT "Who to choose in Icons Swap Deals" continues! ⬇️⬇️⬇️️️
With the career patch, big teams always put their B teams on every time or not?
The will be available today from h ! Here are the players who make it up!
What do you think of that???
What do you think of this team?
The ith TOTW of will be available as of h and will feature new players. It will be possible to find in particular...
DUO is looking for VPG Club or other Club with structures for TEST/Department this evening...
- Player's career: ALLO THE GUARD?!
UNBELIEVABLE! After more than a month of absence I'm back on my YouTube channel...
+ in the and it comes out of the "yeah bof, average, not great the TOTW..." well necessarily when less than the lot...
Update of OL player cards
We go live as soon as we wake up! ◾ division rivals ◾Objectifs icones Go on
Well apparently the career manager mode bugs are fixed. Now it remains to be seen whether the gameplay has improved or not
We're going live with rival divisions, we're going to get the D1 and training
EA continues to make quick corrections to and this new update addresses in particular the issue of drinking....
A good one makes you happy and Halloweens Friday? --► You wish to buy XBOX cards, P...
- N°5 - EA has unveiled the team of the week! What do you think of that? 🤔
I already had it, but thank you.
The TOTW5 has just been announced! No Lozano in it. What do you think of that? The pt'it tells me well!.....
When will there be bonus points for the poles?
🤙La with !
First game for Owen validated!!!!! Let's go!!!!!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
New team of the week! Who are you interested in??
FIFA - PLAYERS HAVE IN THE TOTW!
[e-Sports] x x x x: Episode Before the controller in hand, the three of them...
Registration for the Wave of the Wave is open until November! Represent your club....
It still complained about the car def for years to finally be disgusted with the manual def, when you are...
▶️ New video online! WAS TO KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT "ULTIMATE SCREAM" (DATE, INVESTMENT, MARCH, PACKS....
Finally!! ith icon swap obtained. Now all we have to do is choose which one I'm going to prendre🤔
How to Make a ROBERTO CARLOS Free Kick on FIFA20! ▶:
Career Mode Simulation after the new update. No aligned B teams (AI PSG compo) and...
5 tonight, we're going to relaunch a career again, this time debugged and see if the gameplay changes....
New video in minutes on "TOUT SAVOIR SUR " ULTIMATE SCREAM " ( DATE, INVESTMENT, ON, PACKS) !!
I think I can make this team it's incredible it's just necessary that I buy it and that I go through mallen en moc e....
| This evening, we offer you a list of clubs to take for career mode, as well as a list of....
I'm LIVE on!
But hello there 🤣 (Rival Victory Pack)
Pro on the field and behind his screen! Diego Demme, a professional football player, takes the controller and takes over the...
This is an impressive update for FIFA, which is in charge of correcting, among other things, the...
Hello everyone To be less good and efficient than to not necessarily mean that is less....
So your first feedback from the new update of ? 🤔 Career mode players should be sure to be aware of the new features...
Here is finally the patch so long awaited by the players of...
in the almost three weeks I've been playing on PS4
LIVE to H Large DRAFT Rewards to open (on TWITCH)
Don't forget to sell your semedo it's at the top of its range it will come out of totw people will pack it from us...
This kind of defeat in... Can someone tell me if it's worth going back to PES? I can't...
The investment of Sunday evening is profitable 🤑🤑🤑 We may be investing tonight but be careful ️ because you can't invest in the same way...
First day of the VS championship Beginning of the championship of / Kick-off H...
First VS championship match Monday h00 Go team 🤞 ...
I'm having fun on Ultimate Team of
Well I finally manage to understand the game a little better, to enjoy it in game, but I find (this is only my a....
Those who dare to say "on this fifa it is the best that wins" YOU LIE ALL it is...
I'll try to eliquer you in a tweet the maj of the cheek starts to look like fifa
Hesitation for this weekend: team or? (switch to -4-2 at the beginning of the game)
Major tournaments will be: The all...
First VS championship match Monday h00 Go team 🤞 ...
why is there no LDC in September?
New maj and another EA masterclass. The most important bug of the game not yet solved this amateurism....
WOW the patch we got on! but I didn't see the line that said "during a fake hit on our....
Only I find it worse than the?
Sah what a pleasure when you can get some like that in.
Why is there a reindeer player on the lawn?
Patch Notes What do you think?
Frankly big respect to the one who sees a gameplay change in the new maj patch pages....
Team to be proposed for k
For those who didn't notice...in the new update the players' pictures we were also updated.
Martial with the update he caught a caravan in the back wsh
I'm going live on join me to discuss and even play together ^^^ This is happening here ⤵️⤵️⤵⤵️...
I forgot that feeling of hate when you do a series of online defeats.
It arrives around h00! In the meantime, here are my forecasts for this week...
Les reufs, in I finished a season of league. And the following year, no LDC, no preliminary rounds....
Somebody can help me to make a serious Squad competitive with Socrates and Hazard in unsaleable? + k....
Those who want to k/H on come and have a look at the live 🤑
I feel the Ronaldo record in the totw 🤔
We agree that fifa has changed a lot since the release? It has become even faster than in other years...
vs. ◾Sence hangisi?
Latency has been fixed.... My balls
vs. ◾Sence hangisi?
IN APPROACH We had warned! This Friday morning! We start with the most beautiful goal....
Now that most of the problems are solved in Career, we will be able to enjoy the gameplay. Because what the hell....
The big update is finally available!
Hello to all FIFA players. Will there be new packs in the shop tonight? If so, please answer...
The new update of is currently being deployed on
I can finally start playing
The new kid!
Friends I can't stop thinking... 🤔 For the Swap Icon Icon I'm tempted by Klose and Nesta. For you it is....
How many Rivals points do you need to finish Rank? Can someone help me?
Swear in Jese to the PSG it is characterized as Hope
I'm going live on Career Mode! Then we'll switch in the day on probably! So reject...
Techniques to know for the Resale Purchase { z is the purchase price { y is the resale price - Calculate...
Tonight come and eat the lawn at our sister's! FUT credits for the winner! Start of the t....
People are saved, points are back in Rivals.
Two questions that come up most often - Striking with the directional cross: EA is aware....
Detail of the MAJ in FR. /2 I just cut the passage on Volta, nobody cares about this mode.
Still no models of Joao Felix etc....
[OUR STORES MEET YOU...] The winners of our Marseille tournaments were at the heart of the event...
I would have loved it so much if he was an icon to him on forward the idea to EA. To know them...
We start the live with a k-pack, come and bring me luck! / Try hard DivRivals / Buy.....
Shift available for all platforms
The beugs should disappear
🆕 New update (v1.05) of () available on Xbox, PlayStation &amp; PC !
Registration, Format, Course... What is it? 🤔 Tries to become French Champion! ▶️…
A few more sales
WAVE REGISTRATIONS You want to represent your club from ️ : or...
Video games: what is the team worth in? Notes, staff, finances: we tell you everything!.....
Packing a player to c in a pack or to it is a habit now! I am so lucky on this I...
First bug after update
We're starting on this (100 of team in another team, this one is the one I'm playing) A game for the world....
The new update is now available on Xbox One and should arrive on PS4 soon!
The new update is available on Xbox One The details of the corrections
- CAREER MANAGER - A GOOD DEFENDER IS COMING!
How can you explain this latency, this heaviness from one hour to another on this game of children of Fuck of...
Football video game fans should also follow our story on Instagram
Soon the M's of profit transfer!
Yo the team today I don't invest because not. probably tomorrow at the reward
We'll wait quietly tonight to invest to see what's going on, haha! Fut milli you can as usual
Bz your mothers not to build sah! It's not a football game I only fall down vs. guys who do everything right...
Why when you lose at Fifa, just hearing your wife's breath make you want to insult her?
Scorpion move, it deserves more than a hahaha controller
What is your average level on? No need to machine the votes are anonymous 🤣️
We make you earn on Instagram ⤵️
With a little willpower, it changes the deal! Come on!!! …
This game makes me shine complete with these fucking challenges in Rivals (Liga, Seria, League) I'm so sick of it!....
THE BEST TEAM HAS'000 CREDITS TO PERFORM IN FUTURE CHAMPIONS!!! via...
What is the value of the in team?
My team's starting to look a little lousy! Forced to be in the back to try to counter the badgers....
SLGCUP Announcement The SLG devils Bats is proud to announce its first SLGCUP versi...
Atal in his works.
Isn't there a pro Fifa who wants to play a game with my account? See if I'm the one who's having a frenzy with my e....
In two weeks, the phenomenon has already reached millions of players. But what is really worth the....
Investment of the night
Slowly but surely M3
show your team
Come on!!!!!! We'll warm up for the er FUTChampion on
Hola was champion 🤩
A Small Pack Before Going to Sleep And...
Ousmane who makes a pti kiff on his head in Van Dijk, e -0! Triple Dembouz.
Nike, I'm going to go back to the
Good evening just like that, how can we respect your game?
Rashford is my worst nightmare on
I am bald his mother after rivaldo hazard here is Neymar who falls to me the big team was champions this w....
the game of counter-abuse ....to make a game as easy on defense...
As feared has an update of almost Go also ‍️‍️ Let's install all this to be able to your....
Help!!! Guys, for a collective of for an SBC, I can do this game against him and quit times?.....
Throughout the history of humanity, our main problems are due to the way we conceive without these...
Best Icon Swap combinations???
Don't listen to the sellers of Bruce Grannec and others of all kinds,, or at least Fut is the worst of all....
Can we defend on this game 🤷‍ We can anticipate.....
I'm really a whore on FUT I'm running by everyone ntm
Ahlala anyway I had a good laugh tonight on and with the neck
A quick and discreet little addition following a question of ~ Indication of the faces D that have been mo...
ème Swap Icon we advance slowly but surely!
End of our players' session! 🆚 FC ⏰ :30 ️ -1 - Draw League Season...
Hello Mahrez in the team of the week! (?)
FINALLY! Finally something by winning a draft!
Result of the evening in Victory convincing against the current e of the championship Bravo guys....
Algeria is still not on... (yes, it is a pain in my everyday life)
Congratulations to our players for winning their first two games of the season....
What do you think of Robertson? Currently at k sa is worth it?
Come on, it's okay. I'm not touching
Feel free to follow our attacker He represents Florian Sotoca (Pro rclens player) and here is a list of his players...
You want to test your new one but you must first undergo the update of the console and certainly the game...
Feel free to follow our defender He represents Steven Fortes (Pro rclens player) and voic...
I'm starting a LIVE on!
I'm in PLS calling for help 🤣
I'm LIVE on!
A big team for less than k?
Come on!!! This year, I'm registering to see what I'm worth...
Draft FUT |||| (Dive head Alexandre Lacazette)
MyClub reward level and FUT level of . It's kiff-kiff. A recruiter with stars, I catch in.....
I'm LIVE on!
However, we should really think about including Youcef Belaïli in it...
goals matches, finally I hold it, Adriano PES6 the resurrection THIS MAN IS UNBELIEVABLE
I'm selling m of FUT coins, dm me for more information millions crédits FUT à vendre, DM. …
Sales of the day in 🤑 I like it
Ptdrrrrrrrrrrrr what game...
First player to cost credits
Feel free to follow our attacker He represents Charles Boli and here is his players account...
Hi, guys. Hi. I'm going to create a YouTube channel where I'll do live on, mainly AR with your...
The conference starts tonight at h10 for our PRO Club ️ h10 vs....
I was so mad at fifa I wanted to take the cd and break it into but I bought it in demat. I'M THE SEUM
Jstop the ultimate team matches Impossible to defend or even play if your speed step even with full collecti...
50 profit credits on a single card For reminder I caught Benzema min. price 00 credits
We went live on! On the program, we'll look for the swap icon players on FUT! See you in a few minutes!
goals taken in games I swear to you at the PGW I'll fuck your mothers
And a
I'm going from pts to... your fucking full scripted games!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Hello, everyone! New series on my YT channel, the Swap Deals Icons, who to choose? Arguments for each of the j...
I'm starting a LIVE on!
This is the worst ever speed collective game you can do anything about.
Honestly I don't see any big differences between and. yebatei ngueine
There's no messi in the Argentinean team wesh guys...
Many problems have been fixed in patch 5. However you will have to recreate a backup....
I'm starting a LIVE on!
So? I want to stream a little bit tonight. But... or? FIFA or Overwatch? Both? I know about it....
I'm going live on! Come and join me!
Live FIFA on Ultimate Team Go qualify as FUT Champions right away buddies...
Well, they give it to me now.
I'm going live Fifa for the rival division and help buy/sell here: : !
My most beautiful ragekit since the beginning! He left all the replays from beginning to end...
A tread on a career with a goal or not?
The music of them stays too much in the head especially "Tu pu ti"
Is it just me who has a problem with EA servers on? The transfer market is all slow and it's horrible the way it is
Personally, I'm not investing in aircraft technology tonight! We will invest tomorrow evening and Thursday morning during the recitals...
Composition for this championship day To follow in on
Goal from a free kick, easy lol
We let the battery run out in, I only buy back in Futmilli to not be bored (Players less than k...
Test the New GAMEPLAY UPDATE! ▶:
My current team in
Mdrrrr the most broken game in history
A new bug has appeared in career mode: here in the ranking table... |
This is our players' session for tonight! 🆚 FC ⏰ :30 League Season....
Do you want to be part of the best team in the world on sure? It's happening here.
I still have k, what do I do?
Evening + ️
The DCE "End of One Era" from the legend 🇩🇪 is now available! …
I just gave up a little bit for what a bomb this game is for! I'm clearly going to dry them over the holidays.
An advice not to buy back in Tech aircraft, and Thursday will have to sell quickly in case of probable Ultimate Scream....
Tell me why every time I want to launch a DAMN match on it forces me to go to his FUCKING....
zidane Ultimate Edition ICON.
The TECH AVION scale 🤣
When you overdo it in front of the guard
La REnaissance de l'étoile nantaise MP8 ️
The DCE "End of One Era" of is now available!
The jerseys of the "Piemonte Calcio" are fucking visual attacks. 🤮
I have Ter Stegen in the cages! Please help me because WAllah is a dingerie here. I eat a goal on each one...
When you see the face of the patch of, you understand that the guys who laid it have worked harder than those who...
What is e-LEAGUE? ️ We'll give you the competition step by step. You too, join the championship...
It's starting to take shape.
I'm just the gold lever, actually...
Her card is beautiful, she gives me the eye
Who can tell me the difference between the Pirlo swap icon and the basic Pirlo swap icon
What is this game of Mr... I'm just an old man but still!!!!! Last year's level and now I'm falling down to the level...
Hi everyone, we are looking for players for our Team in the position of DC, DG and DD, we are looking for players for our Team...
Career idea: Pedro De la Vega Age: years Position: AD and AG Potential: ! (not fixed) Value : .7M d...
and, one day I feel like I'm not that bad, the next day I feel like I'm...
The legend's "End of One Era" ECD is now available!
Schweinsteiger available for his end-of-career tribute! Who will do it?
Congratulations to whoever won, have fun! Now all you have to do is tell us....
Big investment to come! ️ An all-in of M on the market 🤑
Hi I'm going to do this team soon and I was thinking, what icon would be best suited for this team? I have....
️Matchday L1 FVPA ️ Tonight, our club will play new games! Program: h10....
We're going live in less minutes on YouTube!
I still have the challenge but not enough players and holders for Team Y....
FIFA - THE BEST TEAM FOR k (FUT CHAMPION) GO!!!!
️FVPA L1 ️ Last night was a big session for our pro club! Results: Defeat.....
You guys are going to think I'm a Mongolian, but how do we get back like this?
The young player that everyone is waiting to see coming in Weeks from now on
I had gone down to K yesterday after dropping more than 1M in opening packs, I'm close to coming back to the millio...
Big big big joke is what this bug is I got the points I was going to get back...
Which players do you recommend for a League on FUT?
min for rage quit
▶️ New video online! WAS THE BEST TEAM TO HAVE 000 CREDITS TO PERFORM AS CHAMPIONS!
Beginning of the season in "professional club" on for the ! 🆚11 Game vs....
Anything to say about this guy?
It's nonsense even if you win at the end of the game you can't be serene because it's so scripted.
Beware of teams with Rashford Martial and Lucas, it's cheated x1000
The Patch Note of the upcoming Shift 5 on
Honestly, one day I'll work. Play against a guy who's just lagging with a shit connection and the match co...
Current TP ,300,860
This weekend was productive for our players, &amp;, who are doing a TOP and a...
Go greet a horror online... no pleasure with these waiters a shame...
It's from the guard.
EA at the gameplay level in his MAJ that comes out: "Players sometimes run on the spot as they try to unfold themselves...
Zizou in front of Bayer?
I'm facing a guy who has koulibaly it's impossible to pass
I pass in front of the MT before the MT
Video at h15 on YouTube! I hope you will be present 🤝
If you have not completed the "Online Icon Exchange" challenge then Thursday think about taking the INVENDABLE rewards...
First Swap Icon player obtained!
We'll meet tonight from h30 live on for Resale Purchase, SBC, and Rivals will be on the program
I wanted to launch a career with Bordeaux as I always do now that the career mode is restored as....
On the program tonight, the day of the 🆚 It is important to make a result tonight in...
The Ultimate Screams are approaching and it could hurt a lot! We're talking about the event in stream!
Token draft had in a pack, so I test this game mode (solo of course).
Second game of the day We finally had time to test the Volta mode of:
I'm live on Twitch, join me on
[ - ] -6 not bad, not bad....... for a start This season will set the fire...
Go fifa I'm unplayable!!!
Pukki POTM it's just toxic....
️FIFA ► FATI YEAR ADVENTURES / PLAYER CAREER % RP While Ansu Fati has just signed in Neuchat...
Continuation of the playing career on Fifa with the RSCA ️
This game is my fumaxx guys have put money in to have pogba, kante, Shevchenko all his to do this....
I'm currently configuring the Twitch channel to be able to stream on it because YouTube has bugged the......
It sucks, Volta, I liked the adventure so much that came out of the simple "football game".
Was the star bawling of technical gestures redone in or not?
Fuck his dead plays 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
So your sales, your players exchange icons, the game play: what's new on fifa! Tell me everything! ️
I'm live on Twitch, join me on
Here is the ranking after each day in the championship We start the championship well in preliminaries....
Question for the fifa team... In career mode there are not supposed to be many different places to negotiate...
But we can't even play normally on so much my servers sound like shit I'm getting goals in a hurry....
How many points to finish in the rival division rank?
The patch is already available on PC! It will arrive on consoles very soon. The patch brings pri...
The duo and go fuck our school
: a new update available!
First legend
Dce leak tonight + players liga our
️Nouvelle MAJ listen carefully to what happens to me! This death company of EA Sports is now hiding their....
Zlatan who retires at the end of the first year of his career, fifa19 same fight, release the Z,....
The Career update should arrive in a few days. Hopefully it will be available for Friday's stream
This team is beautiful 🤩
This is what you need to put glitter in your life 🤩 The corrections made by the new patch
Don't tell me about Mbappe rashford etc.... the best scorer of the game except icons is Kuuun Aguero
I'm the only one who doesn't have
When will the POTM League be released, please? PS: It's starting to take a while!.....
First Icon Swap obtained!!!
GO LIVE! PURCHASE RESALE NEW SBCS CARLOS VELA SBC
Who has on Xbox?
The patch arrives in the next few hours for the career on, and should fix most of the bugs!
Another update and career mode bugs are still not fixed But good not bad thing what's more....
A tip for my team for Fut Champion the buddies
When you know you can finally get into Career Mode
According to the patch, it impacts careers already started (hence the time to release the Update I think)...
teach him how to fucking play
Go Live Fifa with fifa points to make you win the team
Pack matches played in team clash
Sell k FIFA credit ps4 € Dm for interested parties
Since this morning tech shift change with
LIVE ON AFTER A WEEKEND WITHOUT CHAMPIONS YOU HAVE TO RUSH RIVALS FOR PTS! -&gt;
It's okay for a Tuesday that's supposed to be tough on sales, right? ️
Finally the Millions!
My awards this year are a disaster... drafts win.... And best player packaged a k.... History repeats itself.
It's sad. It's sad.
I buy your FIFA Xbox accounts with the unlock transfer market on the Web App! - Account with a...
Hey! Anytime you want in the Rennes squad 🤷‍
Attention info of the day Fortnite chapter and the big update of Fifa are coming...
This listing! I think it's something never seen before at EA, limit the guys release a new game it's the same...
A HUGE update is coming and it's about career mode!
Ptdrr, is there no fault there??
[ were champions] Thanks to his result last weekend our player gets the status...
How to earn more money with your site/blog on In Deutschland/6h: .......
Me vs. the STOP script
New patch available on PC, coming soon on consoles We'll tell you everything in a few minutes (translation e....
Big update on available on PC and soon on PS4 and Xbox. Sorry it's in English but I don't have the t...
Update of for careers, but you have already started them and are advanced so you do not start again....
The patch arrives and fixes career mode bugs.
There's still time to qualify for the finals live from Paris Games Week on!....
I'm launching a live on career and we'll change games later today! Come and keep me company and don't forget....
We fix the bug in the shape cards when it relieved everyone. What is the purpose of this feature exactly....
FIFA is full of bugs and nothing is happening, it's not normal considering the price of the game! We all hope for a very high update...
Already to recover
Release of the episode of the manager career with Mannheim tonight! Travel to Jena, reception in Duisburg,...
When I play I feel like I've shot a porn movie so much I've been fucked
Here are the changes made on the fourth patch of ! AI / Career Mode / Dribbles / etc. It's in.....
New update coming soon! We note.... - The glitch of the form is patched - The bug is patched...
Big patch to come on with a lot of changes on the AI movements, dribbles and the mode ca....
How to fix the technical gesture star bug on please?
Big update to come on:
A Patch arrives, solving in particular several problems of the game including when the AI makes use of its reserve...
Constantly it's the same. It's incredible this game. There are games it's on they're loaded in advance it's....
They say that in resale purchase the most important thing is patience... But imagine you all the people behind the...
Live on with the G.O.A.A.T Messi Div rivals, challenges ,
GnEUgnEu is unrealistic..... 🤷‍️🤣🤣🤣
Anybody to play on?
did you pity me that you put a statue on the field?
The rebalancing is present 🤫
Credit solution for me except Nani boost
A tutorial for free kicks? I don't understand anything.
I'm starting a LIVE on!
It may be time to get some otw for this weekend... Here are the matches of all the games!
We are proud to announce that our champion will represent us in the final at the...
A very nice Monday 🤑
I went from M6 from profit to K. So it gave me back some motivation. I know, I'm weird.
How about a little stream tonight, bros?
Pogboum left us after having been a month at club k while it was costing k this weekend
Best selling video games in France: always at the top, invites itself in the ranking...
Marcel
It's hard fucking life.
Honestly the Pro Club is incredible I find defensively it is a kiff totaaaal
Hello, since the beginning of fifa I haven't had any great players in my packs. Could you please go away....
I had never taken the time for return and I decided to try this is the result: BENEF TRANSFER : A h =&gt; k...
Go registration validated for the Cup of en!
Rewards it is good?
I have invested a little on boosts in decline and some regular ️ I am waiting to see how the market evolves...
Sales of the day! Hello !
I'm looking for a ps4 FUT account no matter how many credits there are just that there is market access through the application....
I recently purchased the game
In real life the challenges of swap icon tokens, it's not that much of a headache... Limit I play better with my old....
There's always that damn daily bonus on the app... Anyone at the date of when it stops, please?
Mbappé's best goal during his time at my Club, noted that I won this match afterwards...
The luck turns a little bit on Fifa today packer Ousmane Dembele and Anthony Martial is well his change of Grimaldo
I don't think I'm the only one but... in concrete terms we agree that it's really average gameplay level?....
Thank you SBC once again!!!!!!
All sales for the day shift change
worst FIFA of the decade. In my opinion the guys from when they finished the game they got...
Packer Hazard, make the dce aubameyang HDM with its sale, and packer Socrates in the DCE awards. You m...
Investment and purchase of sales in Tech59 ️
XBOX: Union Lensois Xbox is very bad in this championship With defeated matches -0 -1 -2 Nos....
I've never seen a script of this power on a game... in team clash it's just crying to see the...
A real breath of fresh air is blowing on sports simulations, breaking codes and renewing the genre....
+10 during the replenishment of sales 🤑
The special signed by
Combos Tech Sympa -&gt; Easy Credits New video:
This was a swap system I find ridiculous and nil
When I buy resale on FIFA and make a profit
Hey, if not at the script level, how is it?
Big week of Resale Purchase Investment coming up! Prepare your credits it starts in days ⏳
You do ( round+R1) with it you score at .9%.
EUUH.... WTF PLEASE HELP ME...
Start of the semi-final! 🆚 ⏰ :10 /2 Final - Survival Tournament S5....
I don't understand. Everyone was unanimous. 🤷‍ &gt; but for the last few days just...
Super in late afternoon on for one with our first icon as a bonus...
FIFA is real in real life
It shows, it's scrambled the new FIFA
Exclusively the first image of the new mode on "Euro Script"
I like my team to swing yours to see
Tonight Tallumes just to play more minutes ️
Giroud IF? Scorer against Iceland and Turkey...?
My first big pack in, looking forward to opening it but I'll wait until Friday to see if there's an event or...
It's even possible to clash the script team on it's just big nonsense... the essential is to get you ba...
Launch of the second game! 🆚 ⏰ :00 /4 Final - Survival Tournament S...
turkey he plays in the field! In reverse mode
So I win or play in a row on volta, I'm about to do the last one and then.... It decorates me, it's hard and...
Doing -7 with this team, what a fun thing to do! 🇧🇪🇨🇵🇳🇴🇩🇰🇯🇵🇨🇮🇹🇿
Would you prefer a Tech low cost aircraft list or a tech simple aircraft list for the weekend?
Winning our team, we go to the quarter-finals of this tournament! 🆚 ⏰ :20 -0 …
I test again and again there Demo of I always hesitate to take it from me!!!!! when I see that some people are...
First perfect of the season in for Our player wins in as many races as he can...
Tomorrow pack opeeing? How about Live?
Excuse me... Am I being elicited? I too am in the hype of waiting to see, to understand. But then again.....
Deschamps is the redneck you meet every weekend in who has a horrible game with Sissoko has...
I'm the most fun-loving guy on fifa but I pack a big player every night
After having tried eFootball PES two weeks ago, we are back on the attack for a special football face-to-face...
Live DRAFT on FIFA with the blue team match in the background
Go ahead and buy and resell
We are at the FRANCE stadium or in Turkey there?
Good luck to our FIFA Pro Xbox Club for the resumption of the competition! We hope that the training....
League program first day of competition on, so it's a bit of a speculative recovery...
I make resale purchase paying on your account, it will cost you less expensive than fifa points or igvault none...
It's fresh.
The international truce allows people to get along well. The president wishes you a...
Team ready for with sub: Pukki and Vela in POTM with darida boost which looks like a step by step...
DD he played fifa it shows
This is the first game of our fifa team under our colours! 🆚 ⏰ :20 …
Would you like to join a team to start in E-Sport? See you on...
Career idea: Mohamed Ihattaren Age: years Position: MOC and AD Potential: ! (not fixed) Value : ,5M…
Marco Polo, the lightning bolt from Nantes! PS: We cross our fingers for steps that are cuts ️.....
| CAREER MODE Nuggets - 🇳🇱 Eredivisie
Grosss investissement IF ️️️️
What are the jerseys you wear most in FUT?
To avoid breaking your joysticks, do as he found a good technique
TUTO: Configure your personal tactics and team composition on + Presentation of the eSwap controller...
NEW TECH FUT MILLIONNAIRE TECH LIST IN LIVE via
Slut friends For those who missed the video news, I released a little tutorial on fifa, if you like...
…
-4 for my er FUTCHAMP with this team of broken arms, after resuming play last week. I love it....
It sells so well tonight it's a pleasure 🥰
Our totw5 predictions!
Hello, I'm running it on on. It's happening around here:
Charts UK: plays the catenaccio, turns the ball, tries a breakthrough...
What do you think of that?
Are you the best at Fifa? Come and prove it and try to win the cash Prize at stake. Register below ⤵️....
No comment!
Bug feigned with the arrows, no R3 to change the cam to long CF and release the out of play, the players controlled....
For k, what's the best?
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇹🇷 Orkun Kökçü ans - MOC[MC] Potential: ️ Technical actions....
Find now our team vs11 in for a game of in League...
Sales of the day!
- CAREER MANAGER - TRANSFERS!
Victor Payata is ready! The city of Sunderland is ready! Ready to return to the Premier League if everything goes well....
Vela POTM of the MLS with Record Braker!! Interesting cartita....
In FIFA I think that online we shouldn't play one guy alone against two other guys.
The PR career of the continues here with the episode! via...
Hop the small decoration of the servers while I am still co on my box, the classic.
New Sbc of the available!️🥅
New SBC! Who is interested?
I miss Felipe Anderson.
New EFA season Beginning of hostilities tonight in the "Emerald Conference" Here are our first two events...
But that's what we love about the most realistic game of all time, right 🤢🤮
I sell credits was20 dm if interested
Sales for the day tjs in change of position
| CAREER MODE Technical sheet 🇯🇵 Ritsu Doan years - MOC[AD] Potential: ️ Technical actions....
00 I was at 00 Saturday morning 🤗. Objective: the first million on Wednesday evening?
Going those on PS4 is given
Hello everyone, little video of a game with my "Dream Team" on in Ultimate Career Level mode (League Match....
Show your team friends
Messi🥰🥰
nn mdr c too much
The only time I win a draft is when I have an attack! It was magical!
Iñaki Williams is the best player in the game
Because my darling deserves all this for his birthday! Happy birthday baby, i love you ️
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇳🇱 Teun Koopmeiners years old - MDC[MC - DC] Potential: ️ Gestures...
It's time for tricks! Follow with our pro gamer, all the tips you will need...
I'm streaming on! Anyone who wants to come and see
We pass the millions of benefits
NEW! Tournaments with ASPTT Tournaments and on PS4 &amp; October Chibi makes it possible to...
Does no one care what you do? Put a FIFA as a reward and you're followed by the whole of France. (T'…
The qualifying match continues for the sister! Appointment in the Events tab &gt; Tournaments s...
We leave live at h30 " Investment ROAD TO ZIDANE / Tech for any budget / SBC / My team for FUT Champions...
Wounded but not dead
| CAREER MODE Technical data sheet 🇵🇹 Félix Correia ans - AD[AG] Potential: ️ Technical actions...
a soft game play for a fine finish
Watch ZetsuyFR with me on Twitch!
Fifa points are taboo... but there is not ONE SMALL team in resale purchase obviously...
Investment in the night! ️ Depay -5300 of benefits per card
Composition for this first night in the league Give it all you guys...
Meet me on Saturday on T-Web Tv from h to h on!
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇲🇽 Edson Álvarez ans - DC[MDC] Potential: ️ Technical actions....
I have the impression that you need a bac+10 to be able to take a penalty or CF. That's a lot of bullshit.......
I'm starting a LIVE on!
I played with Nsoki on lol bars even football players they boycott
It was a leak a few days ago! The T-Web TV officially opens tonight! Here is the program of....
Otherwise fifa mode volta, it is normal that all the opposing teams are the same goalkeeper? And that's not all, the....
An OTW that won't go Up for a while 🤷‍
Tonight is the resumption of the matches ranked on! For the occasion we will be on the!.....
The first of a long series I hope 🤞 challenges series a
shots on target stops for the opposing goalkeeper (Pope) result -2
A competitive team for Future Champions in K mercii
I'm starting a LIVE on!
New video! I present you a tutorial to get free form and contract cards on this!....
Team flash |||| (Memphis Depay diving head)
Team Clash ||| (Magnificent volley recovery Dario Benedetto)
Do I keep sissoko in or do I put my OTW ndombele in?
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇲🇦 Noussair Mazraoui years old - DD[MC] Potential: ️ Gestures you can...
Entrenamiento en Rivals tras Fut Fut Champions
On: Monday Tuesday Wolves-Warves from and on the pint of La Bête️ Wednesday.....
Which band do you play in? I can't find mine.....
As expected, he disappeared. It is an incomplete version of the original. The trustee version (en.....
No more speeding? He has a beard? To celebrate the release of, we have fun with the items FUT and,...
We simulated the France-Turkey match on FIFA!
Otherwise it's October and it's been almost month since your game came out and still no patches for the mode...
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇳🇱 Ryan Gravenberch years - MC[MDC] Potential : ️ Technical actions...
My team for my first futchampion this weekend
Live from Twitch on Fifa!
Tournament results at / (qualifier for the): 🥇 Martial PETITCUENOT...
I launch my season with this -0 for this was champions, finally checked ️ By the way I'm looking for a project...
What's the deal with guys who start a game in draft and quit at the beginning? Please explain the concept to me
Who wants to earn fifa point euros for PSN? THIS EVENING CERTAINLY LIVE TOWARDS H h with FIFA POINTS TO WIN
FIFA Career Manager Leao IN FIRE
Live Draft! Letsgo! With EA ACCESS codes to be won
Of course there is no script🧐 It ends in -3🤣
More speed?he has a beard?🧔 To celebrate the release of, we have fun with the items FUT and...
And here comes the Pep.
We like guys like that!!!!!!
+25 with only players in the pile 🤑
I forgot there was a match tonight so live tomorrow morning and/or afternoon and/or evening, okay?
| CAREER MODE Technical sheet 🇳🇱 Myron Boadu years old - BU Potential : ️ Technical actions : ⭐....
Already players exchange icons.
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Having BRUYNE and ERIKSEN and COMAN in the Packages a k la jsui biien
What purges the challenges then when you are in D8 it passes but when you are above the D3? A m...
This year it's not a year it's a year! I swear I'm playing against guys it's sea...
matches! Success "Legend of the Club" unlocked!
I miss win for OR2. And I come across FC PUTE who scores enga and who makes a no-game. mins to take steps....
Icon Challenge Swaps⭐️ If you too are looking for a team idea for the area 🇨🇳 Fast and cheap (15K) Rest...
Hello who can make me a new logo? In the colour of?
. arrives at h today for a new episode of ! today it will talk about football and surto....
Hello, here comes the sequel to Volta sur Lien: Have a nice day! 🇫🇷️
Fucked your mothers
We start reselling the Lloris team which leaves at k instead of k market price
. Tired of these players who take a goal at the last minute and give up the game directly.
still dominates the best JV sales of the week while making a great start....
Our pro club is recruiting on! Ask to enter the BoomNation Fc! ....
| CAREER MODE Technical sheet 🇳🇱 Calvin Stengs years old - AD Potential : ️ Technical actions :...
The fifa packs are shit I finished Elite clash equips more the pre-order packs more the Rank and Rank packs...
Thank you I took your battery on the site we're going to enjoy this treat we're brewing a Max
I hate it so much that I hesitate to give up the idea of making trophies to sell it as soon as possible.
Small family live in minutes! We're continuing the famous career!
I think it's since where I must have had Aguero but since then nothing's been bothering me.
It's killing me when I'll get lucky in the packs at
less served less - ...
MARKET PRICE K
Only on where you can see a football game with poles. It drives you crazy. And these fucking counter favors...
If only in Economics I could be noted on the AR of
️Toi who has talent to but doesn't know how to make it profitable, here is the solution ⤵️
The totenham doublet
I see too much of the thing that at the end of the swap season he offers you zidane for swap
Sale since h
You can buy H24 /7 in tech shift change guys! I just took back cards A lot of mistakes...
Week and here is the TOP of physical sales of video games in France 🇫🇷 according to - FIFA ...
Marking on CF is impossible
| CAREER MODE Technical sheet 🇳🇱 Donyell Malen years - BU[AG] Potential: ️ Technical actions...
sales since that night
Who are you going to take as a legend with the Swap tokens? I'd love Rui Costa too much, but I'm going to miss some.
Welcome to the club, my little one.
I didn't think I'd say that this year, but the more I play, the more fun I have! Last year, at the bo....
I'm having trouble selling this morning's investments! Does it sell at home?
As I am tired of and have M credits I will open everything in pack or premium. I'll post the result.
D-7 days before the start of the competition 🤞️
Investment Totw Buy max
It is + k mnt... The only good investment I made mdrr
WHICH ICON TO CHOOSE? 🧐 [ FIFA ICON SWAP ] ▶:
Well, I was a little slow, but there it is, the e Millions.
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇦🇷 Lisandro Martinez ans - DC[MDC - DG] Potential: ️ Ges....
Guys loan cards work like first holder cards for icon exchanges? Thank you. Thank you.
Here is the TOP FR of video game sales for the week of ! ️3ème week in the top for...
I'm live with those who want to join!
Look at FR / TEAM CLASH / RIVALS / AR
The Sang stat more than insane after was champion and that of the rivals
All day long, we will present you the Eredivisie nuggets! Stay connected
The millions are there we advance we advance we advance 🤑️
Come on, we'll be on our way to the next one for the challenge.
The offside on them are clearly abused
We will have 🇫🇷 in Bucharest from November to November to play the first on ! ....
Fast credits: Buy League players, auction credits. Sell them... players sold =...
BIM Prepare your controllers it will send heavy!!!!!!! Contact ️ Poke...
WAS | RESALE PURCHASE: A HUGE RISK-FREE TECHNOLOGY FOR LOW BUDGET (TECH OR NOT RARE V2.0) 🤑
Q* : Compared to team pck clash + ultimate edition - Keep up to a big TOTW see TOTY Or - Open every week
I'm live on the sister! Come and join him!
What a horror it is that counter-favorable that jambonnade week after the release I can already more tired....
| CAREER MODE Datasheet 🇳🇱 Steven Bergwijn years - AD[MOC - AG] Potential: ️ Actions.....
My Team Clash awards. I haven't opened anything, I'm waiting for Friday's event (I smell Halloween cards)...
On what to invest soon (apart from mbappe - neymar) ? ideas ? (without necessarily keeping this training....
-4... A peno session that costs me the verif, happy to compete with P2W
Sell M of fifa20 credit on XBOX ONE.
You do just about anything to create a great opportunity for yourself by being patient and working on the adversa....
Well, we'll forget about this game...
GAMING | You don't change a team that wins, even in the Top JV bestsellers of the week in F...
Who for a fifa right now?!! I have to practice before the FUT champions! I'll get my ass kicked if I don't!
You have another MG and/or MDC to advise me to go in this team? Within my budget because I....
Night investment ️
A victory on each side between the 🇫🇷et🇷et🇩🇪lors of the last two editions of the tournaments of the .....
We go live as soon as we wake up! ◾Objectifs division rivals ◾Investissements? Go to on
My attack: Rashford - Jesus and Alisson to the goal. His attack: Origi - Gray and Butland on goal.
Hello I am a Gamer with a disability my two Hands have never worked my Dad created this Manett for me...
packs to open this afternoon, hoping for great news!
REWARD OPENING LIVE HERE
hits a and I lose -0 but no the script doesn't exist (you sons of bitches)
Review in min
FIFA . US Subscriber . AkumaGames Opens its goal counter! [FR] via
thanks to the dybala boost pack we redesigned the CHEH team to the one who told me that the team clashes were worth nothing....
The weekend results for our players. In, Fabio and Rufus sign a /3, insufficient to....
Win the Champions League with OM on
New week starting! We start at almost 00 of profits. Since the game was released. How much are we going to....
and are a hit! Without there would be no Switch game in the Top of the Wind....
Last night's sales, it's ready.
Glad to see on typing Ramos my video is th. I'll soon take you out Dembélé for the interest...
This chance I have this year....
For those who want to pack cheaper there are cards here;
In short, I got rolled....
: training, depth, drop back, possession. Everyone plays like that it's not possible and more....
Rdv h30 live + AR !
It's too hot when you work
I'm starting a LIVE on!
We continue on the dynamics of M per week...2 weeks = M We can do much better
Ptdrrr the poor he shouldn't have moved his guard haha
We wish a happy birthday to our player who is celebrating these years today! H…
There are zgegs like me who are stuck on the FUT Companion application and who do not yet have access to markets...
The approach, you will try to represent which team? Custom: OM
So your team clash rewards have been what?
For once I catch something in the packs of the ultimate edition
No one: The professional AI when I cross his line of defense with Ronaldo:
When is it in the Parc des Princes for the tournament that we organized in partnership with the...
Hello, I'm live on to do division rivals and resale buying it's now on my twitch channel: Dams7485
I didn't get anything on the team clash packs but reward myself on the gold improvement
I'm going to freak out! Thank you..... 🤯
DIRECT Start of placement matches with FC Mushroom: 30 to 00...
Investment of the night!
Monday morning openings. Team clash gold, best player a rare Argentine gold lol. And in.....
Lets dance
It's not bad for a team of fishermen even if I could clearly do better we won't complain too much...
Little gift of the day hello
Little gift of the day hello
What do you think of the team, please?
I'm LIVE on!
Evening investment in aircraft technology!
And it's done, I don't believe in it anymore... eme of my life with a beautiful Remontada of a V-9 D.
-6... I could have done so much better without the casings that I took myself...! We remain focused for the week pr...
Objective for the next few weeks! Defensively strengthen yourself! Currently at koscielny workstation boosts, laporte and....
summary was this week's champions
Go invest the sangtchos!
I think it's worth it to do the team rankings.
A pleasure when you pack this kind of player for your team liga
Clash Teams Award 🤑
The live of (he's going to play the -0 match) is just incredible, he's clearly the boss.
Do something for the heads AND corners, nothing that goes horribly wrong this year
When you are offered a game that is clearly not finished...
I can't find a team with whom I have fun. I've tried everything! Against the Rashfords, Morales...
Good low mililili in the greatest of calms
Well, this weekend we'll stay Gold. -11 but no longer the strength to play... New faces in the team! To be continued...
The finish on it is subtle. But then, when in doubt, first post cartridge!
A bad day that is starting to get better KEVIN PLAINS IN MY LIFE Ps: I keep doing it....
I'm going to say goodbye to this man who arrived at the club in the first minute of this Thanks for all La Pioch...
Very good stats (BU), but I'm really not convinced. I find it heavy to handle, Messi/Neymar are born...
So for the next one I'll probably start on that, see if I can improve it with the rewards...
It's normal to have point and clash teams?????? I don't understand, I win and my points stay at
Update: Since I have had this team, I have been in -0 in FUT Champions. Fuck the big teams, buy Rashford....
And now I'm facing a team where the goalie is a central defender, great career mode.
What's your defense type on this team? It's for my future team, I need ideas and opinions
What a cheated game
If you wonder why your players are: slow, make shit passes, defend with a time delay....
Better than last week, that's all I remember. My biggest flaw? The concentration... …
It's high time to play! - There are still matches, we go on ️ - We are in W L...
Well I shit and I still have win games left for the gold2 and then we'll clash team h'a h'a awards
And thank you the Swap Icon
Night stream on, we wait for h for the rewards and to put as many credits as possible! m.....
rene2712witt sorry brother if you have Twitter. I didn't want to, but the logo of your club invokes in me a strong motivation...
So on you can't do more matches to win points in team clash it's a real anarchy...
No questions asked.
This year (not the reason for the remaining matches) I started in -0 and...
I'm LIVE on!
V manque matchs 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Picture summary of my first season at the helm of OM!
TOTW investment ️ Risky investment because the market is constantly falling with ea which publishes h24 of sbc...
Say it's been almost a week since I've had any more internet, are you planning on doing something? Because it's not....
Career idea: Agustín Urzi Age: years Positions : MG, MC and MD Potential: !!!!! (not fixed) Value : ,8M…
Lewandowski is too strong on
In stream for an opening pack of fifa point I have trouble but we will test if it works well on YouTube...
Here are the latest sales, guys! ️️ Current techniques: - Tech Aircraft - Tech Style - Tech Change Tech...
Actually it became an athletics racing game, I didn't know about it?
Every time I want to hit, there's always a player against me!
Whoever buys me De Ligt OtW at his Max price I offer him € PayPal !
A good thing done! Playing games non-stop is horrible serious, not on weekends or...
[CP] EA Sports FIFA celebrates its millions of players!
Who are you going to use as a swap icon?
Finally elite on but please fix the servers it's unplayable...
Do you guys want to buy back my sales live on after the games?!?!!!
▶️C' is not bad for today. ️Sachez that I am not a professional in A/R I do my best to help on Twit....
It plays like a jewel
Oh yes I almost forgot, we're past the million dollar mark friends ️
Why my character in career it has star technical gesture when it had some before if you can help me please
I correct you don't think this Fifa sucks?
After two days of qualification, here are the FR 🇫🇷 qualified at the Bucharest 🇷🇴 : ...
it's better to know which team the team is working with
league club career concept
Around H, big stream since I still have... matches to play!
The z'men
I finish in -2 my Future Champions hoping that it will pass for the Top this time 🤞
It is necessary to cancel if we want to sanction"; Too easy this sporting recovery...
in live purchase resale come ask your questions
Well I'm gold3 like last week but there are still matches it's really worth being gold2 than gold3? If I....
Well, after that fail on we're going to go on mode? Very good live and analysis of....
When I play at I feel like I'm only playing against millionaires because my team is so rotten compared to theirs.
Gold! Gold! As last week, at the gates of the elite .....-8 it remains very good again especially with this....
BUY/RESALE] BEST TECH TO WIN 00 CREDITS on FIFA Link :
All right, folks.... How many tokens do you have for these?
% of possession of the never seen before on the field
Thank you Tech59
Why can't I dribble with my career player anymore?
The guys I have about twenty players in aircraft technology and they have lost on average from to k I do what I sell off?....
Good mini cracking, go from -3 to -7 but the Elite is still there hehe LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Anyone find the groupama stadium on fifa?
I'm dreaming.
minutes of extra time, I get a goal at the'.... Excellent game congratulations to EA!
One was a complicated field, the gold was ripped off! We'll do better during pro week.
If anyone can help him, it would be cool, guys.
After a first failed futchamp, I focus on Division Rivals, I will try to improve to be at the top...
But for this weekend. Not easy at all. I too often take the same kind of goal (deep pass). Pui...
Am I the only one who hates the t.a.b. system on fifa?
Tomorrow morning from mid-morning + million to invest in aircraft technology so that Thursday I can make the team for....
There still hasn't been an update for careers? I bought a game I can't play, it's crazy...
match division rivals wins wins It looks like last year's om
I'm really mad about this new system, I was the master of free kicks on FIFA. He had to bring back...
What the fuck is this new CF system shit on
For tonight I advise to wait until h in the morning and the rewards clash team to invest in n hési....
Wsh, it is normal that in my career in I only play the group phase in LDC (quality of the game).
I'm the only one who hasn't chatted on the packs yet? All my buddies have taken out players at /300k and I piqué k
my friends will see a football match live on my career mode game Man.c vs Madrid via
Small post aside, I tried on another account, Wright... review? How to say ....a huge breach...
How many Swap tokens do you have at the moment and who are you targeting? To help you choose
Who has, or has had the same problem? 🤔
The adventure will soon begin
since you are told that there is no script...even if this kind of situation happens again this time...
️ For this episode, we invited liwa, rapper and very good player on FIFA,...
my friends are going to see a live football match on my career mode game man.c vs Man.U via
I hope to see it one day on
Pretty good or not bad?
Okay it's good to pack up, but people who put a billion on fifa is funnier, its the advantages &amp; it takes away the kifff....
First LAN for those who wanted to gauge their level at the beginning of this opus! Well, he has some...
What do you have in your head to bid on contracts up to +500 serious credits? It's really one of the worst things about AR on
The game play on that field makes you want to kill! Lah in3el bohom o bo l3ebhom
PERFORMANCE Congratulations to "IDT" BY BE E-SPORT () who wins the VPN friendly tournament (...
my friends are going to see a football match live on my career mode game with Man ctiy vs Monaco...
All HGV players know that your mothers are whores 🤫
I see guys asking if Fabinho isn't too slow... if garrincha makes his speed ....when I don't see a...
The guys who put euros in...
Your big game of son of a bitch who stinks shit up there! It's an alpha your shit game!
Fifa... What can I say? I have the impression that the game is rowing at all levels between the assisted game, the bazaar menus, v...
The game is shameful, it's a crazy thing.
Hello, on, my progress doesn't increase when I win rival matches with players....
First tournament to win on
Video tonight at midnight
We finish gold with this team
Shoes box giant, giant shoe box,...
I'm LIVE on!
The hardest part comes
A mitigated one that ends, torpedoed by last night's bawls thank you, I finish Gold1, for u....
Fifa is an attack to defend their games! Basically you lose the balloon, it's over.
and there's your banner LeGamerJR...
I sell k Mp credits
I put it on Mendy to restart me... But the script decided otherwise... Goal of -2 to e...
The BEST training in? I answer them in my new video! The whole video...
We are happy to officially announce our new team on FIFA! Welcome to our mana....
[PS4 FR] - FIFA [ Iconic challenges ] i
The guy fired on target but he still found a way to put some on me.
End of. I assure the elite and the verification!
I have this problem on was in team clash match o point every time help please 🤷‍
After a difficult start, I'm in -10, there are still matches to finish at least Gold! Not dissatisfied me who plays....
I'm not fucking selling anything, I'm the worst fifa trader in the world.
So the ball passes behind and partially crosses the supporting leg in... ok...
|| We're looking for: - players - players - streamer - graphics....
️Gros investment on Wesley IF ️12k for a map like that, in, Brazilian 🇧🇷 it's crazy...
The first one, folks, gooolll.
Pickford ULTRA CHEATED!!!!! Unbelievable!
A little live buy resell/investment around h would you like to do?
Don't you think it's complicated to score from a corner? 🤔
Soon Ultimate Scream on, I give you an idea of what the players were costing for the teams requested...
One who is looking for a GK or MOC for?
When it doesn't want, it doesn't want
Gold and victories for my first was champion. Too bad I had an air hole of defeats in a row and shea....
I would like to take up A/R, a technology that works well to advise me? (30k credits)
Is the world cup on fifa in December or summer?
It's been like this for days, mdr! When I get karma it's going to be terrible
A pledge and a pledge! At any time, I take out my
If you have the question "What is happiness?" in the philosophy baccalaureate, put this photo and you will have...
Football has allowed me to be really good at geography ️
Sah what a pleasure to play with Zidane in career mode (with a Mod also to fix the bug bullshit of this career mode)
Come and discover and you abo to my chain you were tight at the top thanks...
in these prices please do not hesitate to give other ideas
First video on Fut, we open the awards of the team and Division Rivals clashs, on the program of the +,...
is unplayable. Was an incredible champion between latency, bugs, counter-favors, etc., etc., etc.....
announce stream and play the big tournament come and encourage them on...
Career mode Young strikers to take: - Hudson Odoi - Lozano - Rodrygo - Vinicius - Halland - Pedro...
How do you defend on I really struggle.
Hello everyone, why when I win a game, have I been able to do it since yesterday?
Who has a team for (I caught ronaldo in a rare electrum player pack)
Let's go for a live on ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️...
your system of passes it is so unbelievable null and void and a shame
Final tournament eSports fifa Merce floriantginestie....
Hey Mercee the pussy's finally spinning
I managed to avoid an equalization script when I should have won -0 : it's a great pride... (I...
For those who want to do it: -buy all the rare silver players of the great championships (not....
Impossible to stay in the top. -2 the verb obtained eh mercee
On we can't play the C1 with OM?
points for this week is more than last week, at this rate we will be top at the end of August...
Rare silver technology works like a charm
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Search on. I play at the position of GK and MOC. If interested by me, come DM
What do you think of my team? How could I improve it? ,
|| France vs Turkey[Classic game]
Soon the followers thank you guys!
Discover our advice and our selection of the best cards for the Icons for Fashion exchange program...
*When you come across a team of madmen in futchampions...... but finally it sucks
FUT Champions, always the same fdp since then. How many guys with Gabriel Jesus in MCs. These big me...
They're leaving like hot cakes!
Morning sales
Boremation
-Three... now it's going to be serious.
The Script on Fifa is a few things anyway! It's pretty much like year after year it doesn't change from year to year...
⭐️FUTCHAMPIONS ⭐️ OR for this week We had started this Futchamp pretty well in -3. We end up in -10 V...
they have made serious improvements in the post-match interviews are well wllh in career mode......
We really need to fix this arbitration problem
Go LIVE I'm going to finish my rage on the end of this 🤯
It was well done but it's done Solo Icon Exchanges
Who wants my calf???? Purchased on credit... 🤠
Guys, I've tested several environments and for me we agree that the best MC MDC in the game is Allan from napoli?
New online video! We talk about swap icon for people who have not or misunderstood!
my friends are going to see a live football match on my Totthehan vs Inter game via
It's for you.
We're moving slowly but surely
Who is it that I recruit for in young talent
Bella questa week end league.
Improvements for k?
-1 ! I hope that'll be enough for the top. Defeated in -0
How can we go into overtime with stats like that
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Career idea: Sandro Tonali Age: years Positions : MDC and MC Potential: !!!!! (not fixed) Value : ,5M…
And he's happy as well, he leaves the replay, uh esque I can find other players than that please EA
Concretely... I get screwed in the no?
My current team with which I rode in D4 and that I managed to get the points for qualifying. A....
Live this morning. We'll try to continue the streaming field without losing focus.
Well since yesterday I've been feeling after sanding pes. So for me the biggest default of fifa apart from its....
sales in, change of position or tech59, and we made our first sales in aircraft technology (cc...
Days still no career update you are so lucky to have the community l...
Ex night and early morning sales
Year after year we know that two things don't miss; we lose our good resolutions and EA brings us its sempit...
Hello friends, New video today, a little tutorial on defense, 🤔🤔🤔 I hope you will enjoy it hesitating...
This is it, my little series A is complete, I think I'll play with it for a while!
Commitment to
The resale purchase is also buying playmobils on a flea market for € and reselling them for €. We are gangrenous.
Getting doubts from the e at each level on: fact
LIVE to H30, bros! We'll be together all day! - Purchase Resale Riad to M - Future field -4 - No...
To lose in a row on to be Division into Rivals: fact
EA servers still as good as ever Up to minutes of extra time like that
On my goal in career mode right now is to get back into the Premier League
WAS | RESALE PURCHASE: A HUGE RISK-FREE TECHNOLOGY FOR A SMALL BUDGET ( TECH OR NOT RARE V2.0)...
Yo guys, I'm live on Twitch and Youtube so it's up to you to choose on which platform you prefer...
Always relist!
Today full day LIVE at h! - FUTCHAMP MARATHON! - CHALLENGE CLASH EXCHANGE ICON - RUSH FOR ZAHA !.....
I spend my games catching guys hitting in my defenders and the ball comes back to them to smash....
We finish this together! We're in -5 Elite3 insured!
I just validated the Elite3
Neymar welcome to the team
Here's V-0D &gt; V-1D &gt; V-2D I stop here! Barely a month since this game was released, it's already disfiguring me....
The AI on fifa is full center head
Send your
And here in all this! As in it does not work... you see....
We still went into overtime.
Let's go to bed on a -3.
I'm going live on join me to discuss and even play together ^^^ This is happening here ⤵️⤵️⤵⤵️...
these servers ( mini-card) this problem with each engagement it's incredible...
I have a question for the "professionals". I finish silver thanks to a great disconnection (I play in g:/) at the e al....
Subscribe to my channel ytb...
Is it a bawl on my game or is it the same with you?....
Good Friday I started my game v d d I played again today victory in a row and a defeat....
Why? Why? Arrange more energy for your game exploded on the ground... defect on defect... bug on bug... scenario on stage...
Sales of the day
I am available all day tomorrow (Sunday /10) So if anyone wants to test me on aa will be happy!
Who do you advise as Icone?
-4 in fut champs
Finally gold! I suffered with this shitty team... Fortunately there was Mahrez!
I specify in case or for I play that in the position of goalkeeper, see middle so if a pro club needs guard...
It's not a big profit, but it's still k net profit.
FUT Champions, -1 boraaaaaa
A great qualifying day for our professional players is coming to an end. We're laughing, of course it's happening again....
Slap triplets with Loïc Rémy on... What a life
The k's finally here! Decreased motivation over the weeks! Let's get back to it!
Quick credits? profit per player! And it goes very fast! Or league, max at auction, sold. 🤑…
I see everyone struggling as FUT Champions, and then there's me, who only plays offline on FUT...
Top safe in the G4G Ultimate Cup
Is that normal?
It's the worst I've ever seen between fifa latency, favourable counter-attacks... the guys who run on the first floor.
And to
I'm the only one with problems with arbitration at I'm telling you how this game of sons of bitches is....
Can someone please tell me about this bug? …
Yessss how it was better FIFA it's serious it's really the worst FIFA of all
I'm the only one who defends on???? Man I'm about to give up my great career as a player
Here are the first days of the championships that will be played on Monday. It's up to us to show ourselves. FORZA DEVILS!!!!!......
Personally, the latency problem for me is to solve
I'm on Pes there????
In addition to research for a pro club I am also looking for a team (PS: I am not lannable)
Goal to cancel for offside that someone elicits me.....
This gesture is very, very, very strong.
A splendid volley!!!!!!!! Retweetez Please
OH REUFS please or? BALE MATUIDI / DEMBELE ALLAN ???????????????
It's really not possible, it's what this latency is, in addition in the qualifiers you're crazy
I love Fifa We're not going to say anything more (I lose in overtime with a drink...
I'm starting a LIVE on!
No way to make two or three games on without having "directx error" and crashes the game. It's getting me drunk! 🤯
Yet I like it in real life Mitro
A professional club that recruits on ps4?
Is it just me or is it slow tonight? When I run at "bottom" my player stops alone or slows down...
I warned you about that.....
Qqn can give me a tech a/r to do on mobile this we? Pske the market to expand for small budgets and is...
I can't wait until it becomes because with all the support there is in this game. We'll just have to do our....
And then we're told that it's not who decides the fate of the games! LOL
There's not a specialist who could tell me why I have to play with these fucking arrows....
FUT FIELDS!!!!!!!
I put the goal from -2 to the eme, the guy starts and since I've been stuck on this mdrrr, someone has a solution where...
Is it a troll or not the comments????
For Swap if like me you have an average level your ratio will take a slap the defeats will follow one another....
Should I buy Kante or Pogba?
So now I'm summarizing, no penalty? Thank you. Thank you.
We miss the final for Gold because of that match Knowing that I touched all the bars of his cage 🤨....
Investment[Resell just after] ️ you can wait for more credits % that....
LIVE! CHALLENGE: FUTCHAMPION TEAM A K
The mode I like the least in FUT that I hate is Division Rivals: impossible to play &amp; have fun in m...
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Giveaway a Xbox or steam psn card of your choice on my simultaneous stream a viewers to participate just need....
Good evening everyone, we have just created a new website.....
WHEN YOUR PURCHASE/RESALE GOES WELL! 🤤 You want tips on how to earn credits on....
I'm going live on join me to discuss and even play together ^^^ This is happening here ⤵️⤵️⤵⤵️...
I finally got my PS4 back.
Respect to all 🇫🇷 who since h play with servers like this.... What a shitty organization
Let's go, we're going to break some controllers on in!! it's live it's now on my c...
Be at the meeting
Investment in progress we will see what it gives... The love of risk mdrr
Well, we can say that since the patch, it's the worst FIFA in history. You can have the best defense...
I do one and anime thank you ea
I told you the game is laughing at me, let's hope it's not a sign.
Who's ever had that? Already this year not in the games fortunately
The career mode in FIFA is all about mercatos!
The first one
The Community Manager's Journal is out of print!
Well... the only one who gets me fucked like that every -3 games or so?
These nuts I invested in nkunku and he's doing great!
Still oit
I'm in /0 it's nice to have a start like that
New DCE, best (and only) good player obtained: Carvajal (price: about 00) it's always that taken for....
Let's start a new two-year season.
️ after gold last week we finished gold this week in -9 so very encouraging.
Be patient, guys, it's the same for me.
Combo Tech compared to the new SBC of h. If you are fast you can do -200k net per hour!
Swap Icons acquired today, it's progressing well! We'll continue this Monday, tomorrow is OFF day!
Own my guardian in Volta.
I'm LIVE on!
I really think it's the worst fifa I've ever seen... Even Ping Pong was more pleasant
Imagine you come home from a hard day's work, throw to relax and find servers....
In short, I did my first match live after a week of preparation and absence of years that I see that...
the servers are the same as last week. In fact on Friday the waiters were champions are good and the....
AMIENS SC FIFA FC PUT AMIENS ONE TOO MANY DEFEATS
New SBC available "born legends"!
AMIENS SC FIFA FC PUT AMIENS ONE TOO MANY DEFEATS
No need to pack a legend in, it is already in my life 🥰🥰
Thank you to the Qualifier pros of this afternoon for allowing us to empty our club
Mdrrr sweating when he reads tweet on the weekend, even more so today with the disastrous qualifiers
Find our tests from last week: : : : :
Guys in, you got them, they play their lives, you're dark whores.
my friends are going to see a live football match on my game Madrid vs Man.U via
When you're very motivated to do it but from the first game...
Our big winner of the Fifa Gamilan tournament Congratulations
Hello is it normal that when I change my phone number to double Au....
Bahahahahahaha I have a friend he was in draft he was winning /0, I took the controller once I was playing at I'....
Go take a look at the twitter account of it gives you the soluces of the profitable ones!
What a game burst... I'm not going to end the year with...
Regardless of the criticism, FIFA already has more than a million players...
Fuck mtn, no more pain on this dog game
I'll switch to it!
H00 MANE-ITTY is live for h00 non-stop! Come by and say hello 〽️
Good since everyone is playing in "cancer" mode, we're going to play too...
What a fucking pleasure to see all the pros complaining about servers and problems. Keep going en masse you...
More than tickets for the FIFA20 tournament Registration:...
New video I am doing the Aubameyang SBC for k The link: ...
Currently victories and defeats! I'll finish tomorrow.
Sah what a pleasure
It's funny, on you have the instruction "cover the wings", and my middle sprint towards the middle of the t....
You can now vote to elect the best player of the month in September in the Bundesliga on
WAS CHAMPION THE MOST FDP MODE IT'S INCREDIBLE
disability. . Y3KHYX QDFED
The VIDEO era has passed the 00 Views bar. Thank you all for your support 🤗
I'm a piece of shit!!!!!!! I was in /2 and I'm going back to work in /5
Decrease the speed of technical gestures! It makes the game totally unrealistic and unplayable!
It's okay, I played the game, it only got me drunk from the connection bugs, horrible latency, I'm going to take a little break.
LIVE Salut a tous Come and support me live this weekend for FUT CHAMPION objective victory for this week...
Cardboard server
I packed De Jong k and Sanchez k in a DCE reward pack and it gave me too much back
"it's the one who dominates who wins"
Pablo Sarabia. Bought 00 today at:00, sold /2300 hours later. Profit per sale: /785. 🤤🤑…
Well, no, there's no script! The winner has a team and the loser but otherwise everything is fine....
MY BIGGEST HAUNTINGS OF THIS SON OF A BITCH OF A FUCKING SHIT GAME THAT IS FUCKING THESE BIG FRP WHO RUN....
It's official, it's the last fifa I buy!!!!! Arbitration to shit and especially suddenly you get sweaty....
THE WORST FIFA OF ALL TIME FUCK YOUR WHORES OF EA MOTHERS
No live show today but a new video was released in the morning on the not rare tech or V2.0 is the new fo...
Frankly what a pleasure to play with this team was champion I am at - we continue 🥰
When you take your girl home with you while your games are safe to play
Was champions to niker the fifa game, it's a shame, since fifa I haven't had any fun on a fifa and it's a shame...
Hop! Hop! After, the test of, by --&gt;
I'm sick of casings dominating me and he's making it disgusting......
-3 more tomorrow
Yoo sangtchos, how's your FUT Champions going???
- Career manager: € TO PARK!
Werner in fifa is a big deal... in a race, the guy you eat all the defenses with and you score!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
From Monday our club will play in league and league of champions...
What do you think of that?
Today are the qualifications for the qualification which will take place in Bucharest 🇷🇴 Good luck to the...
I've never seen that the guy turns the ball, the only time I touch it is on the car clearances...
I may be overdoing it but limit for pro gamers qualifs they should have dedicated servers in fact ......
Aubameyang Premier League POTM September.
Robert Lewandowski will help us well this year with the first holder challenges:] And why not a +1 from UP...
and say that a lot of guys sold at a loss on Thursday or yesterday while little by little it goes to a thousand and tech avi...
Ex of sales in chgmt of position mm lukaku is gone it costs k of -
I really don't understand how to defend on Double pressing, defend in "crab" I tried everything...
I'm not sure there's anything out of the question 🤔🧐
I really try, whether it's Legend, Champion, Pro, by adjusting the sliders or not. It doesn't want to. There are three...
ère joystick elosé on and not merce eh
If you are F/A, guard, that you like to play at and spend good evenings with friends while playing football in front....
Opening very few packs, I will limit myself to this first part of . I hope to get some more...
LIVE It's time to go back to screaming....
Hello, the sequel to Volta on is available at this link: Good Saturday everyone! ️🇫🇷
Group finished, very long and boring to do, we will not lie to each other... Only satisfaction, profit credits....
Go Monday night first Tournament for my part 🤘 We hope to qualify it
The CSL (China) challenge is over. Fourth player exchanges!
So tell me who you're going to use as icons 🤔🤔....
Tech of the day we refund the purchase of Reus little by little!
Fifa server = Nightmare
M thanks to and the commu thanks to all those who advised me it is really nice while waiting for the pr...
disability. . ICQ1 Y Y
Servers servers servers....
Mdr, look who I just packed on
Investment today, a first wave this morning that sold well, and I tried other days...
I need help I have these two teams (photo) so it's worth it that I sell my league team to create...
I just started Here is my team, do you have any opinions? All advice is welcome
When I am in Future Champions
First goal on with Sensi and I notice a great realism in Donnarumma's reflexes
What collective action on this looooooooool
Always live on
Again returned, this time with João.
I am dead The real Xavier Dupont de Ligonnes he is at home wife he started his was champions by listening to...
Frankie De Jong is the most impressive MC I've seen so far on you don't score with the most impressive MC...
Change in my team to champion
Morning sale
the paradise of the counter-favorable 🤮
Career idea Ben Woodburn Age: years Positions : MOC, AG and BU Potential: (not fixed) Value : .9M of €....
Fratton Park ||
FIFA - Career Manager Real Sociedad: Thanks EA for these bugs... via...
Good OR I stop there before blowing up my controller Anyway I can do more than go get the OR and there is no...
Pro level: Victory -0 Champion level: hits on target, I don't touch a ball. I don't understand it drives you crazy......
Always relist, we said
a team for k please????
OK fuck the B teams, I'm waiting for a patch.
A second one will arrive on my YouTube channel soon on. She will be in D3 German
First game in... shots aimed at... posts, and so on, I win -4 to the same.........
A few more sales
Storage space
Need help guys, I still have K to spend to improve my a-series! What do you recommend? Is that....
New video with my rival awards and a good start!
I'm the best little sister and girlfriend ever! One for each.
If only FIFA Mobile could be like that, it really makes me happy I see that the FIFA menu...
If you like it, follow my little Poto, a real passionate about the game...
Already weekend since the release of FIFA I still can't enjoy my game because...
We're live on the buddies!!! Program: Resale Purchase + M Benef + M Benef / Swap Icons Challenges / with....
New Online Video!
The packs offered by Fifa in FUT don't even look at them. You're making a double x so you don't have to see the dirty card offered lol.
POTM FIRST LEAGUE POTM
latency and pinball
Feel free to subscribe if you want to watch videos and FIFA2p Live
- CAREER MANAGER - CHARACTER!
We go to look for the swap icons, advice on buying and reselling also.
Give me some ideas, guys, please.
Still no peno I wait for the dlc to € for the referees or how it is? fdp game
Don't you know how to build to win your matches? Always obliges to do PES and straight ahead! You suck at shit!
Hello! Hello! So your was a champion? How's it going? Personally, considering the casings I'm taking myself as a rival, I'm stopping this...
ALEX HUNTER IS BACK! Am I ready to ruin his life? Yes. The real question: Are YOU ready to...
FIFA - HOW TO GET ICONS FOR FREE?
When in FutChamp, on defeats you have it on penalties beh it's reunited
00 of profits transfers the million the pro week!
.750 Profit in minutes
Still as strong as ever this technique!
Here we go again for the live with the 🦈 of the
Credit sales: Available (come privately) Credit repurchase: Available (come privately)
We start the season with a new face
years today. Still not penetrated into football ️, more and more difficulties to stand up to the generations....
million profit achieved!
Yo team, Futchampion day for me (it smells like it was on) Few sales this summer night, patience
But it doesn't stop anymore! We announce today the integration of the pro club into the st...
Investment Recap Ndombele bought between [ ; ] Resold between [ ; ] -&gt; Profits...
Just a quick question like that to see: Who enjoys playing a game?
Hello everyone.... I hope your F.C. is going well.
End of this marathon (with a complete cracking at mid-FUT Champ) We finally finished in Wins! …
The pro mode in it is limited to the champion level....
start well!
What should I do??
V - D for the moment in I hope that we will continue on this way in this take casings
I snapped! I snapped! I sold everything!!!!!!!
If I tell you GA, Brazilian On A Pack you tell me what Neymar or Coutinho?
Come on, I swear it's really very good!
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Azy makes it crazy, I fall that vs guys they have mbappe etc. askip the guys who make the purchase resale we are of....
I think I have a small finishing problem on this 🤓
MDR TEAM CB EXPLODED -1
Too much pussy in this fifa after time vandjik times salah neymar Voiciiiiiii Maradonaaaaa !!!! …
k credit I don't know what to do as a team
At what moment do you think: - "I'm going to put a minimum wage in" when you suck and on top of that you're angry who...
Gne do minai la sissan Chilling there He said "You are not welcoming, nerte nayan tougouni" I was dead
I haven't set a goal on corner yet, I'm gonna fart the controller.
Stream by night ️ ▶️Ouverture awards Team Clash ▶️Récompense Rivals Divisions ▶️R...
Ea de merde jeux de merde
I headed my first goal from a corner yesterday in the Carabao Cup final against Arsenal because it's so rare on this 🤣
The millions are there!!!!!
POTM Aubameyang Cheapest Solution!
All the under crap that plays with Pukki Rashford Moura in LB ball driving you take pleasure in winning...
I found my way to BU
Force you my little ones
Too bad, I'm not far from the goal set.
Yo, late diapers! Should we test it tomorrow morning live?
BUGCHAMPIONS
For those who are the same delirium as me or their guardian stops no balloons or that the game is slow unplayable re....
The Eredivisie challenge is over. Third player exchange!
It's hot Champion Sleeve this weekend
Soon on the chain you will discover a man facing the immense challenge that is....
Well, when do we move so that an action like this gives it red to the goalie?
I can be helped, because the puzzle is too much trouble.
K difference between Dybala regular and totw.... The regular is enough, right? What do you think?
Playing PC games is great but you're completely excluded from the others on the console
Complicated to follow the live shows during Fut Champions, without insults, without guys who flip out. I ad....
Mdrrrrrrrr nvm
Quand tu joues à fifa il faut un psychologue à côté de nous
Le défi Clashs dorés terminé. Deuxième joueur échange !
Qui joue à ce soir ?
Les gardiens de ils sont trop fort c’est abusé
Quand tu joue avec une vraie équipe, tu montes enfin en D4 et tu valides la qualif pour la semaine pr…
Pour l'instant -6 pour ce premier jour
Boooon et bien Drogba pour moi c'est mort. ⏰Je vais attendre. Et puis comme ca on va test autre choses que Didier…
Le défi MLS terminé ! Premier joueur échange !
J’ai jurer ceux qui jouent en mode défensif + contre attaque vous êtes vraiment la pire race j’ai envie d’vous traî…
La chance s'arrête plus
Revenu du boulot, et en week-end ! J'ai vu que les jetons icône était dispo ! Alors vous pensez quoi de ce concept,…
Ederson, Griezmann (packé en faisant caca), Lukaku OTW, Koulibaly, Hummels, Sancho, D. Costa, j'ai quand même un pe…
Dommage que je puisse pas faire de fût champion ma team commence a avoir une bonne tête 🤔
LIVE La miniature veut tout dire... 🤯
J'ai enfin reçu FIFA , je kiff le mode VOLTA et je suis toujours à la recherche d'une team FIFA pour club pro en…
I'm LIVE on!
Merci les bleus 🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷
BRABEC ️ &amp; MOTM vs England 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇨🇿
Bon les amis foncez sur le SBC volta. Pas très dur à faire et j’ai eu mendy du réal K dedans
Apres avoir Pack Neymar, dans la meme journee avoir encore de la chance ^^ un grand kiffe !! …
-0 pour ce debut de fut champ (1 deco...)
k posé en deja k de retour instantanément road to million benef
Les coups francs une fois que tu les maîtrises c'est jouissif !!! Un pur régal !
On devais regarder au final ils enchaînent les partis de sérieusement?
C'est honteux comment vous avez bâclé le jeu, € ça fait bien mal au cul, on arrive…
Voici mon équipe pour ce et vous ? ️
quelqu’un sait si cest normal que je gagne plus de point en clash d’équipe ?
J’étais en plein match en train de gagner et ça me met ( erreur PlayStation blablabla) J’ai envie de…
Après une heure et demie d'apéro, de et de débat sur Dupont de Ligonnès ... Mon frère, mon pote et moi on s…
Live fifa pour ceux que ça intéresse
Nouvelle vidéo d'achat revente demain à h sur " TECH OR NON RARE V2.0 ( NOUVELLE LISTE + NOUVEAU BARÈME DE FOLIE…
[Ps4 Fr] Live Fut Champions ! On Vise L'Elite Ou Pas !!
Récompenses SQUAD BATTLES et La DIV ! ▶:
Après avoir acheté j’viens de le revendre .. j’ai cru un instant que j’allais jouer à du vrai foot ..... 🤮
, même leur pub est claquée, c'est chaud...
Alors vous allez prendre en swaps icônes les potes ?!
Avis les frérots ?
Franchement trop galère pour moi
Le mode FUT, ya trop de script. Je joue en saisons normal et c’est pas la même chose. Cest grave.
Un cadeau de pièces vous attend sur le mode Volta
ou plutôt comment rager contre une équipe de merde
[ESL ] de nos joueurs participent au qualifier by lien:
Au suivant 🤣🤣
Donc la on peut avoir des icônes en jouant ptdrrr bien le jeux
Donc en gros , on doit pack afin d'avoir des joueurs qui remplissent les critere pour les défis , pour avoir des jo…
lucas moura il est aussi bien que rasford pu pas du tout ????
Le mode Volta de est tellement !
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Si toi aussi tu veut cette équipe avec des MILLION de crédits Alors il y a notre Discord d'ACHAT REVEN…
Ok vos objectifs pour l'icône. Juste envie de virer le jeu...
DIRECT Entrée en lice du FC Champignon :15 jusqu'à ERROR404
Je le dis dans l'épisode de la carrière avec Mannheim.. Quand Owusu frappe, Owusu marque !
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Se jeu est un sketch comment ils ont fait pour faire pire que le ?
La même, mais j'ai pas ans ni ans
Samuel Hoffman et le Leeds United Football Club continuent leur saison sur trois rencontres de rang:…
Grosse pensée pour toi ,
La saison commence dès lundi Objectif: play-off Objectif personnel: top GK FR …
Je rejoint officiellement pour . Merci aux GM pour leur confiance en espèrent faire de belle c…
Il n'y a pas si longtemps
Voilà le genre de team que tu affronte en un vendredi alors que t’es en -1 ... le mec a vendu un pou…
Un nouveau patch arrive bientôt, Très bientôt
Claquer ce jeux que des bug
Bien le crash synchronisé de quand tu lance un amical avec ton pote.. merci
Les vrais savent
Oh les gars chaud en achat revente sur la tech avion et qui savent lire le marché, vous pouvez venir en DM svp c’es…
Notre nouvelle Community Manager Andriamanantena …
Je fais mes premiers matchs fut champions sur FIFA , déco serveur ea .... je stop ce mode de merde définitiv…
Episode du mode carrière avec l'olympique de Marseille ⬇…
Avec cette équipe j'ai Gagner la LDC en Donc PL/1Ligue Europa/2Coupe d'Angleterre/1LDC
Ma teamzer pour
OMG !!! PUTAAAAIN vous êtes pas prêt pour la vidéo de demain matin h !!
[] C'est parti pour un week-end avec &amp; Objectif minimum : -3 🤯…
Je fesais ma draft en ligne que je pert des le début donc les pack ne sont pas ouf (2 pack à crédits,un pack…
C’est marrant ce rééquilibrage de merde qui est actif contre des plus faibles (donc on perd) mais jamais conte plus…
Dce aubameyang fini go le tester en fut champ
GG pour ton top sur !
Bonsoir a tous je tenais a dire que les mec qui utilise pas le bot sur club pro pour pas a avoir besoin de défendre…
Quand tu as oublié de te mettre en alternatif sur
Le -4-2 sur c'est de la bombe Je fais mon meilleur départ sur fut champions depuis je sais pas combien de temps
Bugs , hors-jeu h24 , balles. FIFA , EA sport ,inspirez vous du regretté saccomano et dites vous " On refait…
Je viens de louper quelques crédits je crois
Les Swap Icones sont là sur ! jetons seront à récupérer dans la er saison et dans la e également. T…
C’est parti !
La première vague d'Icons est enfin disponible les sangtchos ça fait plaisir J'espère juste que le prix des SBC n…
Les icônes Swap seront désormais disponibles !🥅️
Investissement rentabilisé 🤑🤑🤑On attend de voir comment le marché évolue sinon dimanche soir pour investir …
PIERRE-EMERICK AUBAMEYANG . Requisitos en webapp. …
J’avais étoiles de gestes technique et d’un coup je me retrouve à étoiles et je peut même pas faire de feintes…
Quand tu passes du au ou du au tu dois faire quoi de l'ancienne version?…
nouveau départ en -0 ,si les serveurs tiennent on va aller chercher la verif
Les icônes swap sont disponible ! jetons pendant la saison et autres la saison !
Je démarre un LIVE sur ! Ramenez-vous !!!!!!
La première vague d'ICONES Echanges est dispo ! ⃣ Collectez les jetons via des DCE &amp; objectifs ⃣ Échangez vos…
J'ai gagné -2 mon premier match en ligne FUT contre un singe sur , je vais donc désinstaller de ce pas afin de rester invaincu.
Coup dur pour le joueur français, il est a k actuellement prix marché ^^
Je suis en live sur la sur ! Venez me rejoindre !
Tous ceux qui ragent sur FUT je vous dirais bien d'aller vous détendre sur le mode carrière mais il est toujours cassé ...
Nos joueurs sur vont donner leur max pour se qualifier️
La carte d'Aubameyang en est juste monstrueuse
Qui dit premier FUT Champions dit premier tweet à : va bien niquer ta race de grand mort
Bienvenu , on peux attaquer maintenant ; en live sur sur
Un petit repos
Venir au taff faire une démonstration aux collègues sur Fifa c’est la vie que j’ai décidé de mener
J'ai craqué je commence une carrière pro AG avec Levante
je cherche une place dans un club pro (niveau normal)
il aura été bien semaine dès l’instant ou y’a eu la ere MAJ le jeu
EA gagne des millions d’euros et ils sont incapables d’améliorer leur serveurs.
er pack ouvert pour le fun
célèbre ses millions de joueurs ! À cette occasion, EA Sports offre à tous les joueurs disposant du j…
J ai jamais pack un joueur jouable en carte rouge et dès le er Je pack un bon super sub
La vidéo complète en ligne sur YouTube !
- Carrière joueur / PRENDRE LES POINTS !
célèbre ses millions de joueurs ! À cette occasion, EA Sports offre à tous les joueurs disposant du je…
match victoire aujd , je reprend demain en esperent faire pareil ou la meme chose, je pense faire plus que la…
Le -4-2 Vous en pensez quoi ?
% des buts sur fifa je les prend pcq ya un de mes joueurs il decide de presser alors qu’il est hyper loin du jeu…
Enfin le !! Au programme gaming et détente enfin détente je vais dès ce soir péter des manettes sur…
Après la folle soirée d’hier, avec par exemple la côte à qu’on a passé, on est reparti pour une nouvelle soirée…
LIVE Yo a tous Venez suivre le FC Xcitorz pour un FUT Champ de folie combien de victoire d'après vous ?…
Je vais peut etre passer pour un fou mais vous avez pas la sensation qu'il change la méta de sans MAJ ? J'a…
Le "Champions project" c'est le nouveau concept de Carrière sur avec le , et le scénario de carrière a…
Nouveau de !🥅️
JOUEURS PS4 : c'est parti pour les qualifications sur ! RDV dans l'onglet des Événements…
Les mecs qui ont déjà des légendes et les meilleurs joueurs du jeu sur
️ Yo les amis, l’épisode de cette semaine est sur FIFA20. Retrouvez l’épisode dimanche à pa…
Le joueur nous parle de sa structure et de sa préparation pour la Champions Cu…
C'est moi ou il suffit de déborder par les ailes dans le jeu et faire une passe en retrait pour marquer facilement?…
Nouvelle vidéo disponible les gens je vous montre ma technique d’achat revente de ce ! COMMENT FAIRE DES CR…
La suite de l'Achat Revente sur pour les nuls est en ligne ! Après la or non rare et un budget de 0…
J’ai commencé plus tard que prévu sur . Un bon entraînement le mode pour mon premier c…
Vous prenez qui de votre côté a choisir ? Perso : Drogba / Butragueno / Ballack &amp; pourquoi pas Sanchez vu que c'es…
J’ai lu k minimum le SBC
Les joueurs ont de tensions dans ce jeu sérieux ! C'est un truc de fou ! Ca saoule en fait.…
NOUVELLE VIDÉO PACK OPENING JE PACK DU TRÈS TRÈS LOURD
En fait mon édition c’est pas l’édition Zinedine Zidane. C’est l’édition Lucas Zidane, les gardiens ils ont tous son niveau
Il est pas beau ce coup franc ?
Bon j'ai craqué j'ai acheté Nakatoshh!! Lol Voilà la Team pour le week-end pour l'instant en…
🤪 Allez vous faire la DCE ?
Pour les gars qui jouent peu à FIFA sans prise de tête tech sur des joueur à maximum crédits…
Les copains j'ai réfléchis pour me faire une grosse équipe... Et là j'ai ça, je me dis que je repasse en -4-2 in-g…
️ Yo les amis, l’épisode de cette semaine est sur Retrouvez l’épisode dimanche à pa…
No comment...🤐
Mon équipe pour FIT CHAMPIONS
On y est !
Match non commencé et j'me fais virer niquez vos mères EA
Toujours pas la RDC sur
Voici la nouvelle disponible fin . Annonce par playstationfr. Vous kiffez ? 🤔️️ …
Je suis tout seul à détesté ce ? Vraiment l'impression d'avoir payé le max pour une maj du ...mais en pire.
Nouvelle vidéo !!! Le monstre Verrati !!!
Vous êtes qualifiés pour fut champions ?
Le roi pelé est bien au dessus! Grosse draft FIFA !
On est en live la famille!! Achat revente + de Benef sur / premiers matchs , venez…
Les serveurs de c est la catastrophe totale... ca vend les jeux e ca prend je ne sais combien de point Fi…
Live en Fut Champions Je risque de rager... dsl d’avance
eme week-end FUT Champion avec changement dans mon
Je suis en live
Et oui manette d'or
C’est parti pour rejoint le 🦈
Quand tu commences une carrière avec Arsenal, mais que tu te retrouves avec le vestiaire du Barça..
Ou alors werner gnabry et coman sur fut
Bientôt le première league totw en attente d'être vendu j'espère que je vais me gaver
Qui pour club pro PS4
Vous trouvez Sancho comment sur ? Perso pas ouf, je trouve Promes largement meilleur
Injouable impossible de défendre avec des serveurs de plus en plus pourris ! Une communauté de fdp toujours…
Ptdr ma défense c'est un film de boule !!!!
En Directo Iconos Gratis + Fut Champions
Allez je revend tous mes joueurs, j’arrête ce jeu, c’est honteux.
WTF c'est quoi ce bug sur le temps additionnel j'ai eu min au lieu j'ai eu le temps de mettre un but en plus…
Les gars qui a test sur ?
Allez go pour FUT champion
What do you think of this team?
- Voici les résultats de notre premier tournoi ! Nous tenons à féliciter pour leur er place !…
Nos joueurs et participeront aux qualifications de la…
Annonce des equipes pour démarrer la Saison -2020 de Ce soir en live a h sur…
AMIENS SC FIFA AMIENS LYON APRES LA DÉFENSE JE DÉFONCE MON ATTAQUE …
Coucou
On partira avec cette équipe pour le second FUT Champion de l’année ! Je ne sais pas encore quand je lancerai le li…
J’ai peté le millions ! ... en bénéfice transfert sur
On débute
Alors comment trouver la motivation ce soir pour y a le match vs Isla…
Les drouguis dans
PUTIN de serveurs là sérieux tous les jours les serveurs ont un problème ça devient lourd
Z'est pardiiiiii ! On continue l'aventure Manager!
En gros fut champ cette année c’est archi défensif et on attend le contre ... faudra m’eliquer ou est le kiff
Le Script n’existe pas sur
The Worst Gameplay Bug in FIFA ! - YouTube ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ l’arnaque du siècle !!
Je précise que le mec avait Mbappe Dembele en attaque... er FUT Champions, ça commence bien...
Des Techniques pour etre meileure sur ( jsui en -5 fut champ
Grosse promo chez sur les cartes Psn à € qui passent à ,99 € c'est le moment si tu veux des p…
Non sincèrement y en a vraiment qui apprécient c’est un des fifa les plus degeulasses que je c…
Ptdrrr, matchs et j’abandonne déjà, c’est le pire FIFA de l’histoire, la latence tue le jeu, et les…
Mon équipe FUT, j'ai essayé d'avoir un équilibre mais vu que construire une attaque ça paye pas sur FIFA je me fais…
Encore une petite draft de remporter avant de débuter FUT CHAMPION, j’espère que l’investissement de k sera renta…
LIVE ! FUTCHAMPIONS AVEC LA TEAM A K !
"Quoi! Quoi! Quoi Quoi Quoi Quoi!!!" Quand l'arbitre te fait perdre la boule 🤪
AUBAMEYANG POTM DE SEPTIEMBRE ¿Que os parece la carta de Aubameyang POTM?
octobre toujours dans l'incapacité de faire une carrière "normale et réaliste" à Merci
AUBAMEYANG POTM DE SEPTIEMBRE ¿Que os parece la carta de Aubameyang POTM?
C’est quoi de genre de gars en Gut champ tema son équipe en plus ( j’ai perdu -3 il était nul à chier ça fou la ha…
Bon je suis en retard du coup tout ça a cause de
[] Pas facile car mené à , on fait le forcing pour atteindre l'égalité sur les dernieres r…
FC Ebitda recrute! Après un début de saison incroyable sur où nous occupons notre position dans les …
k de benef rien que sur des erreurs de prix ! …
Hey les amis nouveau concept Avec des tutos, vos , mes conseils... pour devenir le meilleur possible et aujourd…
Cette après midi c’est j’ai fait matchs hors stream ça commence en -2 ça va être éprouvant mdr. Je…
Officiel Premier League !
Tech avion tous acheté entre hier h et cette nuit h , Ombre pour les Defs et Chasseurs pour tous les offensifs !…
Donc je viens de battre le à (avec l’OM bien sûr) et qui dit à la fin du match: « …
J‘Comprends pas pourquoi vous forcez avec éclaté au sol. que pour les vrais. Les critique parle d’elle même.
Ventes de cette nuit et du Live de ce matin !!! +60 ventes !! ️️️
[Ps4 Fr] Live Fut Champions ! On Vise L'Elite Ou Pas
Avec bon espoir que soit élu POTM L1, je commence à investir sur Onyekuru et Ndidi ainsi que sur le…
Je découvre la joie des déconnexions en hahaha (Pensée pour l'année passée)…
Programme des compétitions internationales de la saison A priori, pas de changement majeur en terme d’orga…
Eh oui eh oui Monsieur
Il était temps !
Les Kovacic, achetés /850 hier soir, partent tranquillement à 00 aujourd’hui 🤑
FIFA : déjà millions de joueurs, EA partage de gros chiffres
Le Petit Paumé Made in Lyon | …
Si jamais je partage un peu mon live ici, je go en fut champ live at
LIVE ce soir entre h/21h !! Programme : Récompenses fut champ &amp; rivals + matchs
Le POTM de est connue, il s’agit d’ ! ⬇️
Petit tuto pour bien débuter sur : ) Mettre euros dans le jeu la première semaine ) Fin ) De rien
Dédicace à toi 🤗
C'est presque sans surprise qu'Aubam est élu joueur du mois de septembre en ! Note officielle…
Hello le team ! Qui pourrait me donner des idées d'équipes pour M500k crédits ? Obliger d'inclure Van Dijk et Ramo…
Les gars aider moi à faire mon équipe , je veux enlever depay , Marquinhos golovin, je veux une éq…
*NEW* Settembre della Premier League – Aubameyang
En gros EA là ils disent : "On vous l'a bien mise dans le cul, mais Thank You "
Après une petite absence, reprend du service, et pour de bon. Quand tu perds la balle bêtement et…
Le marché remonte tranquillement ... en espérant que ça dure 🤷‍️
Il est encore temps de voter pour le Joueur du Mois qui sera dispo sur ! Votez ici ▶️…
On avait finalement vu juste, les investissements vont payer ️
matchs, buts! est élu Joueur du Mois de Septembre en 🤩!
x2, c'est trop ce jeu de merde
Vous avez dit mental ? (La télé a faillit y passer)
Il a été annoncé, il va arrivé et il va faire mal aux crédits pour ceux qui vont le faire ! POTM de premier league…
Aubam POTM, bienvenu en enfer ça va encore faire plein de tout droit
FIFA - AUBAMEYANG ELU POTM POUR LE MOIS DE SEPTEMBRE
Un pack que j'aurais jamais, bien joué !
Aubameyang est le du mois !
Depuis le lancement c'est un total de : - millions de joueurs - millions de matchs - ,2 milliar…
L'arnaqueur de stats est de retour
Bon les gars je pète un câble la... Sur vous utilisez quel dispositif ? La je suis en galère de fou !
Remporte ton ticket pour les finales en direct de la Paris Games Week sur ! Inscris-toi i…
C'est bon ça
vos gardiens c'est une horreur, que des buts du même genre...
Plantilla para el primer Fut Champions de .
En réalité, ce est un vrai bon jeux... Mais putain, les serveurs le rende dégueulasse... Franchement…
Problème de chanceux X Messi en Non Vendable .. Que faire du ème EA ?
Premier futchamps ici hésitez pas à passer m'encourager j'en ai besoin
Wah, je deteste ces joueurs là! Il garde la balle, marque à la ', "chut"+Dab, laisse tout les replay...
C’est donc ça Manny ?
On part avec cette équipe pour ce e sur
Vive FUT Champion et ses arbitres
Bonjour
Yo,bon je pense rester sur ça pour futchamp...On verra ce soir au pire pour améliorer
Ce sera cette équipe pour moi pour ... crachat insulte et rage quitte au menu.. ambiance garantie !!!…
Je vends k sur Xbox car je passe sur PS4 donc venez DM ceux qui veulent !
Les deux de (sans le jeu) version et sont déjà en promo à…
Plus qu'à attendre pour investir ! 🤑🤑
I'm LIVE on!
Bon vous êtes chaud pour le fut champion là ?
points rivals &gt; tu sais pas pourquoi mais tu sais plus jouer au jeu du jour au lendemain tu te prends que…
Bonne chance a tous les frere sauf si vous tomber contre moi 🤪
Bonne promo : 9 € pour la PS4 Slim To Noir + Jeu Fifa + Voucher PS Plus …
Ça en revanche je n'y étais pas prêt !!
Qui c'est qui vient de packer Rakitic (entre autres) ?!
futchamp -5 , je déteste ce
Notre international en direct sur
On prend les mêmes et on recommence, +20 ️
Eh boum ! Le défi Volta ! En Live !
[Fifa20][PS4]Achat revente/Conseil et Division Rivals
FUT | ACHAT REVENTE : SE FAIRE TRES RAPIDEMENT DES CREDITS GRACE A CES COMBOS DE TECH ! via
Quelques ventes de ce matin.
J'ai un cd de FIFA ,combien dois-je ajouter pour avoir un cd de FIFA ?
Bon les serveurs sont déjà morts , un excellent week-end de prévu !
FIFA . Carrière Manager. FC Retraite. : FIN DE MERCATO AGITE !! ... via …
Les mecs qui jouent Rashford et Sterling sur FUT
Belgique VS San Marino
Joyeux à tous ! Puisse le sort vous être favorable
Des avis?
Belgique VS San Marino
Salut Twitter voici mes ventes du matin et le million en benef transfert
Pas très solides les équipements Puma (encore) dans . EA Sports a pris le soin de modéliser un boxer, ce qui…
FIFA PS4 à $79.99 chez EB Games 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Bon à tous ! Voici mon équipe pour ce week-end !
Les arrivent ce soir sur , le détail de ce nouveau système disponible ici
Ça cest bien,yes comme l'annee dernière,on a jusqu'à Samedi pour s'inscrire a futrage
Les gars j'ai débloqué une célébration secrète !
c est parti piur le premier fut
Fifa20 millions de joueurs c'est affligeant pour une mise à jour qui beug...
Fifa atteint les millions de joueurs
Au menu du Bistro du Jeu Vidéo épisode : la polémique enfle, se désolidarise, cham…
Ventes de cette nuit Tous les investissement de hier soir sont parti sauf sancho
Les ventes d'hier. On va pas se plaindre non plus. Mais ca autait pu etre mieux.
Bonjour Est ce qu'on peut encore se qualifier encore à FUT CHAMPIONS malgré le début de la compéti…
Ca fait jours que Fifa20 est sorti, et je me rend enfin compte que benzema n'est plus trop trop arabe sur la jaq…
| MODE CARRIERE Pour l'avoir dans l'une de nos carrières, Nicolas Dominguez est véritable un crack. Quel j…
Bon les grosses affiches m’ont régaler
Les corners dans
De bon matin dans les pack grosse affiche qu'elle belle journée
Quel style pour Golovin boost en MOC ?
Bon, on va tenter futchamp avec ces équipes Low Cost.... On va essayer de pas rager
Yo l'équipe pensé à regarder avant h si vous êtes bien qualifier fut champions ça pourrait être dommage d'avoir to…
Déjà personnes sur le ladder et ça ne cesse d’augmenter chaque jours félicitations à pour le mo…
Rendez-vous à h00 !
Voici la carte des joueurs qui pourront être utilisés dans les swap icônes !
Plutôt Trezeguet, Raùl, Kluivert en légende pour l'attaque ??
On est Plutôt Pas Mal avec Le sang Chaud de L’œsophage ... Avec un pile Pleine et un Jeudi Tragique…
Je vend k crédit fifa ps4
Ma team pour ce eme
Je préfère aller jouer à fifa hein au moins mes joueurs bougeront quand j’appuierai sur les touches
Mon équipe pour faire fut champion
Demain h GO
y à que des gros cancéreux sur se jeux de merde déjà que les serveurs c'est de l'eau y à des fdp qui s'amus…
Fifa c'est comme les passe de combat Fortnite c'est sacré il faut tous les avoir
Le palier des millions atteint ! Vive L' AR
Willian prix marché actuel : acheter ce matin également mais revendu k a l'instant 🤩🤩 …
j'ai pack Gullit je vais bien dormir 🤗
Lequipe à un peu up pour ce week-end. J'espère que ça va le faire
Propre le De Vrij du mec à la eme mn
Sah quel plaisir 🥵
️Nouvelle VIDEO ce vendredi a H30 : MES RECOMPENSES ARGENT SONT FANTASTIQUE ! FIFA Pack Opening…
Le mec en face avait une grande équipe avec Dybala, Nedved en carte rare etc juste pour perdre -1 vs une attaque G…
Mais qui veut Club pro ?
Bon match contre . Demain la video sur ma chaîne YouTube pour la première fois
J'AI PACK MESSI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Quoi de mieux dans ma carrière que d entrainer Lyon avec Lisandro Lopez ?
Les amis on va pas se mentir, est énorme en contenu et tout ce que tu veux mais ces putains de matchs…
Ca vend plutôt bien pour un jeudi soir 🤑️
Je viens de me prendre un -0 face à un enculé qui était sur tous mes ballons à Je me demande bien comment…
Insane Marquee Matchups Profit
Mon équipe pour le FutChamps ce WE !! Des avis ?
De la qualité ce nouveau fifa
ne déroge pas à la règle, si tu veux avoir tous les contres, une seule solution, des joueurs BPL... match…
Une vingtain d’investissements ce soir sur des joueurs dont le prix semble exceptionnellement bas. J’espère les ven…
V N D sur FIFA saisons. Pourvu que ça dure..
Je comprend rien du tout à FIFA FUT quelqu’un pour m’aider ?
Tout les Benzema,Silva parti On vide tout jusqua demain soir
Hier à la même heure j’étais à 00 Demain on passe les 00 !
Ahhhh il part enfin ! Je commençais à désespérer !! achetés environ 00 il y a h
Le pack qui fait plaisir dans le défi top forme de walcott
Pour les récompenses rivals, j’ai eu Mollet boost et Martial dans le même pack
Les gars de comment on fait pour changer la langue des commentateurs !?
FIFA c'était très bien le jeu était incroyable, pas de contre favorable rien, puis ils ont décidé de faire une m…
Qu’est-ce que je me fais chier sur ...
Un régal ce soir
Ex_Zaki pour ceux qui veulent se faire taper à
Est ce que tu va devoir investir pour changer les milieux maintenant ? Ah oui oui 🤑
Premier million après semaines et sans € dans des pts fifa merci la futmili hehe …
Go en LIVE Préparation de mon équipe FUT CHAMPIONS ️
Encore un csc et ça quitte..
Annonce très bientôt
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Si jamais quelqu’un qui si connais un minimum en achat revente pas mise par ici, je t’attend en dm j’ai besoins de…
. a eu Mbappé a eu Owen Allô ? Je peux avoir du lourd moi aussi ou comment ça se passe ?
Merde j’ai pack
Je vois pas comment le marché pourrait encore baisser ! • Investissement possible en Tech avion -&gt; Relistez en…
Notre Equipe Club PRO s’entraîne, on vous invite à allez les voir !
Coutinho c'est un carnage
cette journée était plutot cool
Manque plus que Neymar &amp; Mbappe &amp; c'est bon !
Team Update Après avoir tout vendu, et pas mal d'A/R, voici le résultat final, il me manque plus que Mess…
Je pisse sur ton jeu de merde
| MODE CARRIÈRE Demain, nous vous présenterons des pépites d'un championnat bien précis. À vous de choisir
SEMEDO ??? w.t.f. T-T le replay m'a achevé ptdr
Investissement du soir
les Millions lets go next step les millions d'ici jours ou moins
Bon je choisis quoi pour mes récompenses de aidez moi !!
C'EST DU SEEEEEEEEEEXE !
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Allez jen ai pris quelques un,cest risqué,mais je tente
I'm going live on! Come and join me!
Toujours relister ! de benef en une vente !
| MODE CARRIERE Pépites - 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 D2/D3/D4 Angleterre
Quelques ventes du jour en , pas si catastrophique que ça pour ce jeudi qui n’avait pas si bien démarré,…
On part en live sur les frérots 🥇 Récompense DIV RIV / FUT CHAMPIONS Pack Opening Conseils acha…
Y a qu’à moi ou latence est degueulasse à partir de h le soir malgré que j’ai une bonne co sur ?
mon équipe pour ce eme FUTChamp ! Merci à pour la Tech Avion qui m’a permi de m’offrir cette équipe…
Five by Five, Millions on continue de monter tranquillement 🤑️ Jamais baisser les prix en ça part tou…
Allez dernière soirée training avant le début des hostilité lundi soir
Et ma solution pour le !!!
ℹ Le PREMIER Back To Back Animation 🤞 C'est déjà ça
Je vous colle mes solutions des Grosses Affiches si ça aide !!!
Retrouvez et au commande du stream de la le /10 sur Envie de pa…
Les Moussa Dembélé (OL) achetés hier, partent bien ce soir
Cette classe de
Hey pas de live ce soir (repos) mais vous pouvez revoir le replay de mon live de hier sur ici…
Si quelqu'un vend fifa20 entre euros...
Voilà un des exemples des penalty "Impossible à arrêter"même si le mec part du bon côté dont on avait parler en liv…
Il vaut le coup Flashback ? Ca m'a l'air d'être solide !
SBC grosses affiches rentable
Elite clash équipe atteint, le top était à points, dommage ! Les nécessaire au sont acqu…
Il faut toujours croire en ses rêves 🇩🇿 …
C'est parti ! Vous pouvez désormais vous inscrire à la Vague de la ! Vous avez jusqu'au /11…
▶️ ► LES AVENTURES / CARRIÈRE JOUEUR % RP Bienvenue dans la carrière RP d'Ansu Fati, joue…
Malgré le marché, notre tech avion Flash ️marche quand même 🤫 Une présentation arrive bientôt je crois .. 🤩 …
Y'a que moi qui beugue sur ? Ça déco d'un coup comme ça..
Ventes de cet après-midi
Sympa les récompenses DCE grosses affiches
Mais qu'est-ce que je suis faible 🤷‍️J'étais obligé 🇲🇨
Cette équipe fera l’affaire en division rivals ou pas ? Vous auriez changé quel joueur ?
Retrouvez moi en live ce soir vers h30. De plus, j'ai packé un p'tit joueur fort sympathique
Les coup-franc sur fifa20 ils rendent fou faut faire bac +10 en gravite pour les bien les tirer ptn
Ventes du jour
Bienvenue mail olympique6969.com
Qui pour un fifa en ligne ?
Un peu du dans
Salut toi et merci les sbc
Les gars on attend h et ont rachètent nos ventes si pas trop up 🤑🤑 …
LIVE Ouverture de mes pack ELITE Rejoignez-moi ▶️ ▶️…
ACHAT REVENTE ( INVESTISSEMENT DU JOUR !! ) ROAD TO ZIDANE EN LIVE ! TECH AVION via
Nouveau Sbc Flashback disponible !🥅️
Live dans moins de minutes " RÉCOMPENSES DIVISION RIVALS / ACHAT REVENTE / SBC
célèbre ses millions de joueurs ! ,2 milliards de buts ont été marqués à travers millions de match…
Je pense que je vais réinvestir ce soir
|| Clash d'équipes || (Ballon piqué Dario Benedetto)
ce porte plutôt bien pour moi !
C'est seulement ma première Draft sur FIFA et je l'adore
Quand tu veux voir le prix de Gulasci mais tu tapes Robert et tu te demandes pourquoi tu le trouves pas …
[SHOWMATCH ] Afin de préparer au mieux les qualifications pour aller à , nos joue…
Seul les vrais on connus SBC " Gros match" Alors?
Allez hop hop hop on repart en live ! ◾Division rivals ◾DCE grosses affiches Go sur
FIFA - MES PREMIÈRES RÉCOMPENSES FUT CHAMPIONS | LE PORTUGAIS !!? Lien : …
Sortis à h !!!
On va les avoir quand les Ligues SBC ??
Quel plaisir de retrouver du sur . Dans le jeu comme sur le terrain : intransigeant, com…
Idée carrière : James Sands Âge : ans Poste : MDC et DC Potentiel : (non fixe) Valeur : ,2M d'€ Clau…
INVESTISSEMENT DU SOIR 🇭🇷 Rebić à MAX La montée espérée est de crédits minimum, mais il va peut…
INSCRIPTIONS VAGUE Si tu veux représenter les clubs et …
Serveur
On re-test la compétition !
Nouvelle Video !
Annonce des Tournois Majeurs ePremier League ️ 🧑 eLigue ️…
Comment je peut l ameliorer en defense avc seulement k ?
Voici mes récompenses Fut Champ (les cartes rouges)
Voila mon équipe pour
Encore un LIVE énorme les potes !!! ️️ Voici toute les ventes en h de stream! +50ventes Techavion et Tech chang…
Fut champions
Pour mon retour sur FUT, voilà !!!
Et mercéeee
Les serveurs c est une honte... ca prend je ne sais combien de palo par jour et ça a des se…
Nouvelle vidéo d'achat revente dans moins de minutes sur YouTube !! J'espère que vous serez au présent Qui se…
Les bugs en carrière ça devient insupportable dans , j'ai donc fait une vidéo pour vous parler de la situati…
Episode terminé ! Mise en ligne demain à h sur Youtube ️ Au menu : Gros match contr…
Fini à minutes de la deadline ! Go lire et me dire si ça sera ou pour vous cette année
Aujourd'hui on dis au revoir a Aubameyang.... Et bonjour au crédit ! Plus qu'à apprendre la tech avion et de la com…
Salut Les amis aujourd'hui player review de Marco reus L'un des joueurs les plus forts que j'ai pus tester, hés…
Enfin notre test de sur
Pas mal les récompenses FUT Champions... Surtout quand t’es tout sauf un PRO et que t’as fait seulement victoire…
Récompenses ! Tout de suite !
J’ai autant de crédits que d’abonnés Twitter c’est beau ! Merci à tous !! Go être à avoir Zidane
L’investissement de hier soir se porte mieux que ce que j’espèrerais en vue de ce jeudi « tragique » . k/550k ré…
Bon les serveurs de retours donc: Allez hop hop hop on repart en live ! ◾Division rivals ◾Investissements (?) Go…
Ce soir retrouvez moi sur en avec ma petite équipe ! pour prendre du plaisir !
Le caméraman, il voulait rien rater du match !
Mon équipe pour FUT CHAMPIONS.
Votre jeu éclaté la pire que le c’est grave
La preuve que est un jeu réaliste et juste 🇫🇷
J’ai Compris une chose essentielle pour l’achat revente cette année , on va tester ça semaine prochaine en espérant…
Donc oui a tu peut perdre contre l'OM face a un mec de D5 ou D6 sur ou eloser -0 et deco.. un an…
FIFA Carrière Manager Real Sociedad Pré Saison via
C'est parti pour le live Draft + récompense FutChamp Peut être même un peu de rivals C'est par ici
FIFA , la saison de trop ? Découvrez notre critique de
FIFA : MA FEMME OUVRE mes RÉCOMPENSES FUT CHAMPION DIV RIVALS ! [FR] via …
La patience,la patience les amis
Toujours relister ses joueurs sur ! k de bénéfices sur un joueur
Malgré une journée un peu difficile au niveau AR, on passe les millions !! On lâche pas 🤑
Première victoire en Rivals, il était nul à chier.
Comment cest relou davoir les point en div7,on a toujours vendredi pour valider ou pas?
J'hésite les gars 🤔
Dem blades premier league champions!🤩
Notre Tech avion Flash c’est de la folie 🤑️
Hey , tout va bien avec les gardiens ???🤬
Messi, Ronaldo, Neymar Jr... Le classement des meilleurs joueurs de au rayon X
Nouvelle vidéo Mes récompenses Fut Champion + Rivals ! Le lien …
Oh sérieux on en parle du nom de la juve et de l'arbitrage serieux hors jeu sur passe en retrait de…
Les gardiens ne nous facilitent pas la tâche non plus. de note FIFA pour me faire ça. Je perds -2 le match sur…
Les scripts fifa faut vraiment arrêter, c'est pu possible de pourrir le jeu comme ça !
Sah what a pleasure
Pack opening récompenses Rivals Div + , venez les potes !! Achat revente du jeudi magique !!!…
J'ai craqué
Je suis en live
C’est moi ou dans sur le mode volta les supporters font des bruits de singes ?
est injouable cette année !
h : la vidéo et le test de doivent sortir à h...je suis à la bourre !
Style, précision &amp; contrôle. Marquez de votre empreinte.
Je suis complètement mort, les gardiens sur fifa faut arrêter, c’est plus que cheater la... et les frappes R1+O,…
Voilà ma team pour fut champion vous en pensez quoi? ( je passe en -4-2)
Alors la team,ça dit quoi au niveau packs depuis le début Moi ça donne ça
Petite draft eress tranquillement ! On espère être gâter dans les packs !
Draft plutôt rentable !
Je ne sais pas si je dois me réjouir de la précision de nos attaquants ou me préoccuper du nombre de buts que se pr…
On a simulé le match Islande - France sur !
Force au boug qui on FIFA19 et leur sœur offres FIFA20 à leur Boug infidèle kel bayy
Super stream encore une fois on c’est régaler avec plus de k de benef en tech principalement en h30 c’était d…
Quesque sa fais mal
Plus que places pour le tournois du Octobre ! Inscriptions :
Sa vend bien aujourd hui
Qualifier pour fut champion ce week end hate d y être
[] Ce soir de multi SM de nos joueurs 🆚les joueurs de la structure . Nous atten…
Allez hop hop hop on repart en live ! ◾Division rivals ◾Investissements (?) Go sur
Je ne suis pas un joueur qui fait parti de l elite de fifa mais un simple amateur et quand je vois les récompenses…
Mon avis sur les récompenses Rivals : prenez les invendables, les joueurs premiers détenteurs vont être importants…
Salut à tous ! il manque encore des joueurs pour début le tournoi gratuit j'attends vos inscription en mp !…
À ce soir sur la chaîne YouTube d’
Ya pas un jour où ya pas une connerie comme ça en plein match..
J’attend les récompenses fut champ comme sa
C'est la seule choses qui me hype sur et mon objectif c'est comme beaucoup …
La roue a finit par tournée pour , La Réaction
Qui pour jouer détente ?
ça part comme des petits pains cet après midi !
Des idées d’équipe pour ,1M ?
Il se passe quoi encore avec fifa20 ,sa ma déconnecter du mode ultimate team et impossible d'y retourné ,sa devien…
Avec le bon style c'est mieux
On va tester Adama en AD avec un style Vista, collectif à
EN LIVE RÉCOMPENSES RIVALS &amp; FUT CHAMPIONS
I'm starting a LIVE on!
Nos joueurs connaissent les clubs qu'ils vont représenter pour les compétitions et !…
Monte mon petit Pensez a regarder certain joueurs augmente
Perte de balle à la eme sur ...
Quand t'es à fond et que t'encourages tes joueurs jusqu'au bout
Surprise Mechanics
Comment vous dire qu’il est super chaud !
Première de l'année sur Benef net :
Jeudi Magique 🤑️
il a était bien le temps de l’EA ACCESS et semaine, maintenant il dévoile son vrai visage de Fifa19 ce fdp
Live twitch (kaotiicfifa) h récompenses fut champion + division rivals + match clash équipe et division rivals
Les mec c'est nimporte quoi Temmu Pukki j'ai fais son SBC c'est matchs buts !!! C'est obligé qu'il va etre nerf…
[Ps4 Fr] Récpmpence FUT Champions Rivals ! On prepare FUT Champions
Mon équipe pour demain !!!
Yeeees bon allez ça sa va dans l'equipe Récompense Div Rivals DIV Rang C'est déjà ça 🤷‍️
Vous pouvez encore investir en tech avion et tech FUT millionnaire le marché est bas pour l'instant 🤑
⭐️ Récompense FUT CHAMP ⭐️ ️ Bons supersub, peut être Bergwjin dans mon équipe pour un duo avec Mallen ️ Or…
On part en stream ! Ouverture récompense -4 et division rivals ! Venez donnez de la force On partira sûrement…
Mon premier retourné avec Karim .
Sané + Jorginho OTW dans les récompenses... je prendrai plus souvent les packs
On part en LIVE ! FIFA ! La suite
La chance à été présenté aujourd'hui
Yoo, pour ceux qui ont déjà ouvert leurs récompenses Division rivals et FUT Champions vous avez packé du lourd ?
Quand t'essayes de marquer sur corner cette année Vrai ou Faux ? 🤔
Et mercé Leroy Sané en récompenses Rivals 🥵
WAllah votez harit
Quoi de neuf Twitter ? Et Gomez en rouge ouvrez sur mobile plus jamais sur play
Ma Ligue sans argent ni achat revente pas trop cher et plutôt sympa Icardi est vraiment énorme devant le but …
Cherche petit bout de femme ayant le bon vouloir de m’offrir . Coeur sur toi d’avance.
Non échangeable mais premier boost
Le script est bien réel donc arrêtez de pleurer !!! 🤣🤣🤣
j'arrive plus à me co depuis ce matin et hier c le marché de transferts qui ne fonctionnait plus. J'ai été banne ?…
FIFA - JEUDOUILLE - JE PACK FOIS LE MÊME JOUEUR A ! via
Lourd !! Depuis hier je le veux impossible de l’acheter énorme stats !!!
Alors vos récompenses rival et FC ça a donner quoi ?
Pile au moment où je fais de l’achat revente les serveurs coupes...
Les récompenses Fut Champions et Rivals ! Du lourd
Vous pensez quoi de mon équipe
Du coups on va partir la dessus pour ce week-end !
Grosse baisse de prix chez Amazon si vous n'avez pas encore craqué pour
Rien de fou en récompense aujourd'hui mais bon eu
Mon équipe me manque. On va essayer de s'en rapprocher cette année sur
Voila la récompense Division Rivals pour avoir fait rang et voila pour l'un des packs méga
Live récompenses Rivals + FUT Champion !
YOOOOO On part en stream directement au programme récompense fut champ et rivals on fera un peu d’achat revente apr…
Pour le Day, le offre le flocage.. y compris sur les T-shirt du gardien. LOL !!!🤣🤣🤣
Ca se voit donne de plus en plus d importance à dans les lob passe très fac…
Bon jeudi magique à vous !!! J'ai pu racheter mes ventes ce matin, j'espère que vous avez pu faire pareil …
EA Sports s’associe aux élections des meilleurs joueurs du mois en Premier League, Ligue et Bundesliga…
00 crédits en quelques secondes ? - fut20
Ptn j'ai trop le mort
Si jamais des gens cherchent pour du club pro, on est déjà , on cherche en défense. …
Les Icon Swaps sur FIFA : tout savoir :
Ouverture des packs Rivals se matin et une bonne surprise . …
Les gars plein de joueurs sont vraiment bas vous pouvez encore en prendre
. organise des stages en octobre sur Liège ! Ce sera et pour les vacances de Toussain…
️ NEWS SPONSORING ️ dévoile le ballon officiel des SPORTS™ FIFA Global Series …
C plus jeudi magique, c’est jeudi tragique... ventes putain
Voici nos analyses pour aujourd’hui, on repart tranquillement en prenant quelques risques! …
Nouvelle Saison du Championnat de France sur ! Bien lire ce Thread = Éviter par la suite de n…
Pack du jour...BONJOUR!
Yo guys, I'm live on Twitch and Youtube so it's up to you to choose on which platform you prefer...
Les mecs qui joue en Reculer sur
Pas trop mal cette team quand a peut de cred et qu'on joue pas trop ahahah
Premièr relistage de la journée 🤓
TOURNOIS GRATUITS - et -Le Octobre à Lille -+600€ de prize pool Inscriptions …
La tech sur je crois que c'est le truc le plus frustrant de tout l'univers 🤔
Déjà prêt pour le DCE Ligue ! J’ai équipes complètes sur . Profitons maintenant du prix dérisoire des joue…
Récompenses Rivals (option : non éch) rien de fou, mais en même temps, en terminant rang en div 🤷‍️. Ça se…
En foyer de l'enfance aussi, , , ou peuvent créer quelques soucis... ou pas ! La p…
Environ 00 crédits investis hier soir sur quelques joueurs en vue du Futchamp. Attendons de voir les résultats…
Sa y est les mec ont trouver des chers dans les jeux putains
Qu’est ce qui rend plus heureux que ça ?
J’ai k crédit avec cette équipe et j’aimerai l’améliorer, quelqu’un pourrai m’aider svp
Il est la
On part en live maintenant avec au programme ◾Récompenses futchamp ◾Récompenses rivals ◾Investissement ◾Gameplay…
LIVE RECOMPENSES FUT CHAMPIONS !!! ON VEUX DU LOURD ! …
Représente ton Club en Participant à sur ! Inscris-toi ici Tente…
Retrouvez notre solution pas chère pour le DCE « Bons débuts » pour le mode de …
Et bouuum le gros Dybala !!!!!!!!
Qu'on me dise que ce jeu est au point
Pas mal ces ères cartes rouges !
- à la e minute, dois je rire ou compatir ? VS
Alors ?
Voici mes récompenses vraiment très propre avec le Son et les joueurs rouge
Récompenses OR3 .. je suis satisfait ️ ..
Ça commence bien les cartes rouges
Go RECOMPENSE FUT CHAMP ET DIV RIVAL
Je lance un petit live Récompenses Rivals &amp; Qualif FUT Champions
Les récompenses FUT Champions sur FIFA :
Attends... J'ai eu tout ça dans un simple pack or ?!
Après Mr Bappé la semaine dernière qu’est ce qu’on pack cette semaine ? …
Alors vos récompenses les gars ????
Toujours aussi les récompenses pour division rivales div rang quand même ça bouge pas
Le petit nouveau 🇳🇱
MDRRRR J'attend quand pour vendre svp les gars
Est ce que je vais Tryhard comme une malade pour avoir Drogba ? Bien sûr ! Et vous ??
Arrivez vous à vous connecter à l'application Web ?
[Fifa20][PS4]Achat revente/Conseil et Division Rivals
On ouvre les récompenses dans minutes
Récompenses annoncées pour h heure Britannique donc h chez nous, bonne chance à tous dans les packs !
M6 posés cette nuit. Déjà k de rentrés
🇮🇷Quelque supportrices devraient assister jeudi au match de qualification pour le Mondial-2022 face au Cambod…
Tjs prendre les pack invendable...
*Tu passes la balle a semblé c'est Vidal qui la reçois * Tu part en profondeur avec speedie Gonzales c'est…
Les récompenses Division Rivals sur FIFA :
Nan je doit vous avouer quelque chose..... c’est de la merde sa me fait pas kiffer..... j’y joue seulement p…
Investissement Risqué Vardy : joueur en baisse , cheaté et populaire Prendre à Max Revendr…
Je suis en live les amis je réponds à vos questions en vue d'un jeudi magique.
Vendez vos joueurs de Piemonte ... 🤩 Tous part a k !
Je ne sais que faire comme équipe ! Du coup je repars et réessaie une sur ce
Investissement d'hier soir on vide tranquillement avant de re remplir.
Si tout va bien ce week end ce sera cette équipe. Qu'en pensez vous ?
Les prochains tests à venir sur le site: ️ - - ️ - ️ - Me…
A fault in
L'OM qui alterne la victoire et la défaite a enfin trouvé le bon sponsor !! ️ …
Bonjour à tous nouvelle vidéo FIFA disponible sur ma chaîne, pack opening sbc incroyable venez voir sa UNE CHAN…
Je vous dis ma vérité, sur match à fifa avec le mode saison, Bas j'ai fais défaites
Investissement 🤑
Bonjour à tous, et bon jeudi magique à tous le monde 🤑
à combien est le rang en division svp j’ai points
FUT | ACHAT REVENTE : -500K PAR JOUR AVEC CETTE MONSTRUEUSE TECH AVION !! 🤑 via
Après on me demande pourquoi je casse des manettes... Il egalise a la
DC SANCHEZ + AKÉ plus fort que Alderweireld + Vertonghen .... pas logique dutout votre fifa ! Mettez des cartes a …
... J'ADORE Les contre favorable, but PES , Script etc .... sa msaoule de prendre de but dans les dernie…
Je suis en live sur
Comment puis-je me qualifier directement pour FUT Champions ? Sans avoir pts
Plus je joue plus trouve que ce jeu et claqué comme jamais . La Défense contre l’ia c juste injouable . C incroyabl…
Si il y a des gens sur Xbox voici mon AlexH08600. Je ne suis pas connecté H24. Voici mes jeux
bon vos histoire de c'est bien... mais les vrais ! nous on attend un putain de nouveau Fifa Street ! bordel…
Lacazette &gt; son
Pour ceux qui jouent avec le Réal, essayez Jovic en pointe (c'est un malade)
+1M500K BENEFS / CONSEILS ACHAT REVENTE/DIV RIVAL Div4 PETITE SQUAD
en , tout le monde voulait voir ça... sauf lui !
J’suis obligé de payer mon ptit frere pour qu’il guette si je passe rang , on ne sait même pas quand et à combien…
Doublete. CHAMPIONS
Je suis le seul ou pas quand je fait des engagements avec un style offensif soit mon AD soit le AG se retrouve à mo…
Je vend tout, du coup besoin d'aide, votre avis, Option , ou ?
Résultat de la soirée Nous terminons e du groupe et sommes donc éliminés de la Merci…
Il se vend bien le petit Alfred Gomis ! Acheté entre et 🤑
Profitez du Glitch (bug visuel ?) Pour acheter des "forme équipe". Elles sont à !
Bon prêt pour le Jeudi Magique malgré quelques investissement doublé voir triplé ... A demain sur !
er sur lors du tournoi Ultimate Cup de /2 aujourd'hui sur les tournois de …
Bénéf transfert : 00
Top sur dans le tournoi Nations Cup de
Pour le fut champion si c’est comme ça lent ça beug les joueurs courent tous seul etc je casse fifa en ils m’o…
Que se passe-t-il avec Alfred Gomis ? il n y en a presque plus sur le marché et son prix elose ! C’est bon pour l…
Pour ceux qui veulent voir ma pile complete
C’est sympa les packs gratuit dans les objectifs quotidien ️
semaines aujourd’hui que est sorti ... Qu’est-ce qui vous fait kiffer dans ce jeu ? Et qu’est-ce qui vou…
LE OTW Boost si le joueur devient joueur du mois svp?
A force de faire de l'A/R du moin essayer, je joue peu au jeux, je crois mettre tromper, la prochaine je songerais…
Eh ce n’est plus « Orange » Vélodrome dans Fifa mais Stade Vélodrome 🥰
Oh ce Tonali
'fut' c'est quoi ça ? j'ai pas réussi a faire mes changement
Pour les couches tard ! je suis en direct
Sinon vos serveurs ils bossent jour sur ? Vos serveurs sont une nouvelle fois HS. On connaît l…
Mes investissements du soir Partie /2 Pour celui qui veut investir, vous avez encore le temps ju…
Belle initiative à l'attention de , je crois qu'il est grand temps de lancer une…
Voila, c'est poser pour moi, bon a tous !
etait horrible mais alors celui-là ca bat des records ...
Top des excuses entendues en Club Pro aujourd'hui: - C'est pas là que je voulais la passe, - Mon joueur es…
MESSI
recrute tous le monde , mais en préférence des chômeurs. Pas de salaire.…
Message à merci pour ce le jeu de foot le plus pourri jamais sorti des joueurs qui courent…
Les recompenses rivals c’est à quelle heure ???
Matches en une nuit. Contacter nous si vous voulez faire partie du club …
Première vrai équipe pas trop cher
Un club pro actif sur ps4 ?
Essayez de chopper Semedo IF , il est fourchette Max , il va augmenter demain je pense !
ne passera pas le milieu 🤗
️ Regardez si vous avez dans votre club : • Des joueurs de Liverpool , ils sont à minimum • Des joueurs d…
Rachat des ventes et re invest sur ce que j’avais pas pris !
Bon, voilà j'ai un peu vendu aujourd'hui en , mais avec le boulot, la fatigue et la vie perso pas évident…
En vrai le Soundtrack de il est totalement fou 🥰
Liste prête pour le jeudi magique ...
Ea sports c'est des enculés. Il font n’importe quoi avec cette année. Des sbc trop cher (saint maximin,walc…
Vivement demain !
Que pensez vous de la TEAM
Quelqu’un sait comment faire le défi attaque total (le truc des lobs) sur ? Perso j’ai mis lobs du même j…
🤑🤑 Et pour info, je crois que la liste Tech Avion Flash ️️ marche bien 🤫️ …
Challah sa vend bien
Ceux qui veulent des tutos pour les Tech d’achat revente ça se passe sur ma chaîne YouTube !
Investissement Tech Avion
Avis ? Je passe en en match …
Woooouah MERCI + de sur le Discord
Pourquoi c’est les meufs qui offrent la au mecs? Chenekonpwanpa
Investissement du soir
Benzema une machine sur
En MOC par contre faite pas les Con
Les drafts ça devien rentable
c’est sérieux quand ils modifie mes paramètre de manette et que je peux pas changer ?
Une liste tech avion ️ super performante ça vous intéresse pour les abos ? (Car j’en ai une très très lour…
Mourir bordel . C’est quoi ça
Vous pouvez désormais allez voter pour le du mois d’octobre en Bundesliga ici ! ⬇️
En attendant demain h pour les récompenses Tentez votre chance ici Gif by /
Pack de draft ! Merci …
On va continuer à peaufiner la team sur en live sur ma chaîne avant c'est maintenant…
Qui a déjà marqué de la tête sur ???????????
Investissement ️🤑
er POTM brésilien?
Ça faus h j’essaye de le choper impossible de l’avoir yeb a sur le marché à chaque fois
À l'aide svp la communauté fut je suis en galère tous les joueurs concept que je met me coute au final k... si…
Le live commence bientôt. k de bénef transfert cette semaine
Si vous allez à la vous pourrez avoir un coaching d'une heure sur par : ,…
Après les Tutos, place à la pratique.. On commence par la première Draft que j'ai joué cette saison sur ! …
Je suis en live les amis sur ma chaîne au programme: -Investissement en vue du jeudi magique -On parle du marche…
C'est l'heure de s’entraîner pour nos joueurs de la avant le er Match qui sera contr…
Ce soir c’est reprise des lives demain matin 🦈
Serveur en pls ???
Quelque ventes du jour avec investissement dans la foulée
Je comprend pas trop faut investir sur quoi et revendre quand si vous pouvez m'aider
Sachant que je suis sélectionneur de l’équipe des Pays-Bas...well done
Merci les sbc ! …
Timzy le noiche c'est quand
Les amis, cette année, on représentera le , mon club de coeur étant descendu le club breton me représente bi…
Quelques packs, des améliorations or et une préparation pour un Jeudi Magique sur !
k investi en ️ encore k a investir demain matin
Quand on ne sais pas quoi faire on fait de l’A/R avec brady tous acheté à Max au enchères …
Nouvelle équipe des avis svp ?
Y’a des filles elles croient que, parce qu’elles ont offert à un gars le gars elles l’ont dans la poche. 🤣…
Mdr je vien de packer sa
We start a LIVE on!
Moi à
Quand t'es nul mais que tu joues Fut Champions
Let's go premier gros joueur de l'année, ENFIN
M posés, plus qu'à attendre le jeudi magique !
Salut tout le monde la team nuts fox gaming recrute des joueurs sérieux actif pour la section fifa20 pour de la com…
lets'go ça fonctionne !
Je vais essayer de sauver l'honneur de la sur en affrontant Hiruma. Ne m'en voulez pas si on se p…
Petite ventes d’aujourdhui
Ce genre de bug censé être corrigé
Salut à tous la team nuts fox gaming recrute des joueurs sérieux actif pour de la compétition les poste à pourvoir…
Et c'est parti pour le tournoi de
Le marché est haut, moi j'ai fait all in, mais il y a un petit risque. La liste utilisée :
Investissement
Cette fameuse
Aujourd'hui l’inauguration de la Ligue Vegacy Lille a eu lieu ! Nous remercions encore une fois les centres sociau…
Vous pouvez investir dans toutes les techs les gars ! Demain c’est j…
Ce soir c'est le tournoi de avec la à
Le lien de téléchargement est disponible :
Investissement
|| OM vs Saint Étienne [Match classique]
Si vous avez des joueurs de Liverpool qui traîne dans le club vous pouvez les vendre ils ont up grâce au sbc …
Bonne pioche dans les dce de ce soir!! En plus j’ai -6 joueurs de liverpool au club
eme fois que je pack Lenglet ca fait plaisir vu qu'il est a sa fourchette max
Olé to all his adoring fans 🤣
MESSIIIIIIIIII!!!!!
Les amis Aujourd'hui player review de sane j'espère que vous allez apprécier Oublier pas le pouce bleu et l…
Ils sont tombés sous mon charme.... 
Pas de Schweinsteigger fin d'une ère ?! .... 
Ehhhh merci, on atteind les follows ! Je bois à votre santé, et j'embrasse tout ceux qui me disent "les filles…
AMIENS SC FIFA eme Journée Amiens-Nantes un Nul inquiétant …
AMIENS SC FIFA eme Journée Amiens-Nantes un Nul inquiétant …
C’est partie pack opening de point fifa !!! (steup soit bon avec moi &lt;3 )
Nan mais les joueurs sont au ralenti là
Il faut pas raté ce concours
Chez les vérifications de connexion sont élaborées par des psychologues maintenant. La prochaine fois ils…
Live dans minutes !! Achat revente, new sbc, nouvelle sur J'espère que vous serez présent !!
Aucune vanne
Pret pour h
c’est le jeu où quand tu lag a cause de ton adversaire, le jeu ce met en x4 sans aucune raison 🤦‍️
Récapitulatif : • Vous pouvez poser en Tech avion jusqu’à demain h • Pour la Fut Millionaire je conseil de p…
Idée carrière : Nuno Albertino Varela Tavares Âge : ans Poses : DG et DD Potentiel : (non fixe) Valeu…
Je suis devenu une brèle ... mdrrrrr !
Voici mon investissement pour ce soir ️️
Gg LUL
Macron est un fasciste ! Merci de retweeter cette évidence ! …
STREAM en approche ! La qualif' FUT Champions, c'est ce soir sur !
Nouvelles conditions pour l cette année sur Tout le monde aura sa chance Maximum de joueur…
qui sais si on peut modder sur pc si il existe des sortes pour les mods ou autres
Je reprends du service en squad building ! N'hésitez pas à me DM pour toutes demandes Retweeter a fond les man️
Ventes du jour, on refait le plein au fur et a mesure pour le
Il y a un truc que je comprends pas sur , a chaque engagement j'ai un ailier qui est au poteau de corner. Com…
je suis en live achats reventes fifa
FAKE !!!!! ️️ Effectivement il dit « tentez de ne pas remporter points FIFA » mais sur la photo on voit …
Rendez-vous ce soir pour le tournoi Nous sommes dans le Groupe vont ê…
La avec PauDybala_JR, Verratti, Gomez ! Mention spéciale pour alassane_plea PalloisN MOLLETFlorent…
Investissement en pour le vous pouvez encore le faire toute la soirée, je rachète jusqu…
la pigeonnerie n’est jamais finie
Quand tu pars en Draft et qu’on te propose en gardien remplaçant …
Vos avis sur l'équipe de la semaine FUT les Sans sarabia ? Normal ? Vos avis ⬇️
Je peux y aller, mais je sais pas si je dois m'infliger ça maintenant..... 
C’est quel genre de monstre ?
Tu penses être un "crack" de ? Représente ton club de cœur et viens défier les meilleurs joueurs de Fran…
Vous en pensez quoi les gars ?
carré comme jamain
La modélisation FIFA vs la réalité! Avec l'équipe du …
On a mbape sur
Ndidi achetés à Revendus à -&gt; de bénéfices Ndombele achetés à Revendus à…
Jeudi dernier, notre génie a affronté Jordan Ferri et des supporters à l'occasion de la sortie de …
Au tour de d’être dans la "Team Of The Week" sur
Aitor et Adama Traoré 🇪🇸 sont dans l’équipe de la semaine sur Fifa
On me dit que est plus réaliste...... Heu dragback, dragback, passe , dragback, feinte de tir, dragback, sh…
Quelques ventes du début de semaine en
Pour les supporters lyonnais qui veulent remporter un jeu aux couleurs de leur club ⬇️
avec Jordan Ferri &amp; Un moment inoubliable pour nos deux supporters, avec une bonne ambiance au r…
Roc Nation et Jay-Z se lancent dans l'esport en recrutant le champion du monde
Nouveau tournoi remporté hier sur 🤙
Déjà inscrits pour le tournois avec Cash prize ! Places encore disponible les inscr…
avec Jordan Ferri &amp; 🤣 Un moment inoubliable pour nos deux supporters, avec une bonne ambiance a…
Mon premier tournois sur commence ce soir en live
C'est quoi votre format les bros cette année pour le moment ?
nous partons sur
Investissement en tech avion ️ fait ! J’ai gardé la moitié de mon budget 🤑
millions de crédits FUT20 à vendre sur PS4, cause : arrêt du jeu. Merci de me contacter en DM si vous êtes int…
Belle façon de détruire une promo.
Vous voulez qui en cartes rouges ? Perso verrati
Pas de Sarabia ! Mais je pense que Bergwijn, Mollet et Hernandez peuvent être intéressants (pour l'AR)
ça fait bizarre pas de Juventus 🧐🥵
Pas de Juventus sur j’suis outrée 🧐
J’ai vraiment aucun plaisir sur ce fifa. À gerber
OFFICIEL ️️ signe pour Avec cette signature, la structure fondée par Jay-Z fait…
M mdrrr
Viré car j'ai signé un gros transfert N'importe quoi ce
Acheter des contrats putain quelle plaie ...
... pas ouf pas mauvaise... pas de Sarabia malgré son gros match... Faites vous votre propre avis! …
Nouvelle disponible à h !️🥅
Toujours en stream on passe sur avant de retourné sur pour un pack opening objectif Jorginho et…
Alors ? J'aimerais vraiment avoir le maximum d'avis possible les potes
Investissement Tech Avion
La nouvelle est enfin disponible sur !! ••► Tu souhaites acheter des cartes XBOX, PSN, POINTS FIFA…
Sérieux c'est bien beau de faire de plus en plus réaliste niveau graphisme joueurs etc mais faudrait voir aussi pou…
Nouvelle vidéo sur le mode volta story on découvre et on fait notre premier match !! …
Pour ceux qui se posent la question, en ce moment beaucoup beaucoup de boulot mais les live du soir sur von…
Paulo Dybala figure dans la Team Of The Week de après son grand match à San Siro face à l'Inter
Théo Hernandez présent dans la N°4 de
Équipe de la Semaine Qui vous intéresse ?
Elle est là, 🇵🇹 🇦🇷🇮🇹
• N°4 • EA a dévoilé l'équipe de la semaine ! Qu'en pensez-vous ? 🤔
La suite de la carrière de Marcelo Bielsa sur ! La vidéo ici
Équipe de la semaine !! Qui vous intéresse ?
FIFA - LA MEILLEURE ÉQUIPE A k CRÉDITS (low cost) GO mettre le petit like à la vidéo…
New TOTW available!!
La avec , Verratti, Gomez ! Mention spéciale pour …
The will be available today from h ! Here are the players who make it up!
FIFA - DYBALA ET LA SÉRIE A SONT A LA FÊTE DANS LA TOTW
Il a ragequit direct le pauvre
Sissoko dombele.... nouvelle meta sur pas besoin de légende meilleur que n’importe quoi il…
J'ai pris rouge sur ça ! heureusement que je gagnais -0 !
Ndombele Sissoko lenglet... dans absolument tous les matchs putain c’est passionnant ...
Premier live ce soir vers h45 pour un investissement pour le jeudi magique
Par contre tout le monde demander un mode street mais personne ne stream dessus...
Pourquoi les tifos restent tout au long du match et pourquoi je joues toujours contre des mecs qui ont mon maillot…
Le fonctionnement de EA... Bug sur FUT : développeurs sur le coup... Maj dans la semaine... Tout est OK ! Bug…
Hi everyone, we are looking for players for our Team in the position of DC, DG and DD, we are looking for players for our Team...
Lourd de ouf
Patience les amis
s'est erimé sur les bugs du mode carrière de
Euh, les gardiens sur coup franc dans FIFA20 , so comment ? 🤔🤔🤔
On a testé 'L’ensemble est trop basé sur son aîné tant ce FIFA est un FIFA bis avec un simple ajout d…
Pour quand les nouveaux objectifs quotidiens ?
conseillez moi des joueur bresilien ou de ligue svp
Vous pensez qu’il faut investir (- de k) et acheter des TOTW pour les sbc plus tard avec des TOTW ? …
Coucou je suis là
GO LIVE Nouvelle Totw Drafts Packs Nouveaux sbcs ?
Super les bug des objectifs sur je met piqué et une grosse victoire et ça me donne pas « attaque totale »
Voten voten voten
Bien codé ce jeu.
Qui peut m’eliquer à quoi consiste les swap icônes svp ??? Merci !! Je veux sortir un gros investissement dessus !
Vos gardiens qui cherchent leurs clefs sur toute leurs sorties incroyables
Palmarès de EA SPORTS : On a faillit sortir un jeu fini.
Au menu ce soir Groupe de la Nous affrontons et À suivre…
Un joueur de l' qui nous parle foot cet aprem'...on vous rassure, c'est sur console . Qui est…
On y retourne 🦈
Et de +30 grâce à l’investissement nocturne d’hier soir 🤑️ A noté mes deux premières ventes en tech Icone avec …
Donc quand on skill et qu’on est constamment déséquilibré y’a jamais faute sur ce c’est cool…
Victoire de Sebastien en finale contre sur le score de /2. victoires en match pour le grand gag…
Voten Leute!
Les serveurs en putain c’est incroyable y’a -2 secondes de latence sur chaque action
Toute une aventure l'inscription pour se faire éliminer dès le ème match mdr
LIVE AU PROGRAMME NOUVELLE ÉQUIPE DONC TEST !
Bon alors, il y jours, j'ai fait une overdose de Fifa, j'ai repris Lundi, et j'ai des super sensations, le jeu me…
Formation, Construction, Finition. Tout est millimétré
Si me voir jouer sur PC au mode saison en ligne intéresse quelques personnes -&gt; Chaîne :…
Investissement en tech avion j’ai pris -3k moins cher que le marché vérifie les courbes. J’ai suivie le conseil de…
Aujourd'hui sur ️ Cartes à jouer 🃏 ️ Natty Jean &amp; Maël ️ Test …
️ Une nouvelle icône BU va signer dans l’équipe dans quelques heures... Devinez de qui il s’agit ?!
C'est parti pour la grande finale entre et Sebastien (5 victoires en matches!) Pour notre tournoi…
Séance de tirs aux buts dans le match entre et Jerome!
Les maillots de plusieurs clubs x moins chère qu'en boutique avec la même qualité ! C'est sur…
Les matches se jouent sous le regard de , venu voir la maîtrise de nos joueurs manettes en main!…
Ptn j’ai perdu tout mes matchs Draft sur fifa j’arrive pas a en gagner alors que les gens en ligne pue la merd…
En ce moment je fais une carrière sur avec ! Et pour la première fois, j'ai un moins bon classement…
Un nouveau match avec le est arrivé : . Bon visionnage à tous.
Valentin Rongier , concentré pour ce match !
C'est donc Jerôme qui affrontera Valentin Rongier, joueur FIFA redoutable, dans cette eme demi-finale! …
Sebastien, er de la poule, a choisi d'affronter Morgan Sanson pour cette première /2 finale de notre tournoi…
Découvrez votre journée sur les chaînes avec sur sur…
Mot du président : « Je félicite l’équipe pour les montées successives de la Division à la Division . » Mot de…
Découvrez les joueurs sélectionnés de la team pour le mode "club pro" sur
FUT | ACHAT REVENTE : -500K PAR JOUR AVEC CETTE MONSTRUEUSE TECH AVION !! 🤑 via
Des avis
Tin je peux pas faire mon equipe le marché a tros augmenter
Franchement vous prendriez lequel 🤔 en swapicons parmi les ci-dessous (important) Svp Répondez et argumenté vos choix
Salut les gars, je voulais avoir votre avis sur mon équipe et pk pas quelques améliorations à faire!!
Place à la finale pour la eme place entre et ! A suivre l'affrontement entre les premiers…
Investissement d'hier soir sa commence à partir de toute façon demain on s'en met plein les poches et on sera tous…
Nouveau coup franc, cette fois avec Gonçalo !
Le jeu vidéo est sorti le septembre dernier sur , , One et Switch. Le m…
Lui il a une icone comme moi
Votez pour Harit les frères
Laurent Blanc avec Passy plutôt que Gasset à ?
Un ballon spécialement créé pour !
Après avoir quitté il y a peu de temps, le champion Saoudien 🇸🇦 de la , annon…
Collectif max c'est trop facile
Highlights Ca commence à venir petit à petit .
er épisode part1 de la carrière joueur sur allez voir svp
Je vois que les UK gueulent sur le manque de contenu FUT En à peine semaines : - SBC POTM Bundesliga - SBC POTM…
Pour tous ceux qui attendent des correctifs sur les divers bugs du mode Carrière de le prof …
Et n'oubliez pas vendredi les swap icônes arrivent donc petit conseil évitez d'investir dessus …
Qui sera dans la ? Pour ceux qui ont rates mes prédictions , les voici !
à € sur Amazon, prix le plus bas constaté jusqu'à maintenant ! ️
La barre des M atteinte le Mercredi Octobre !!! On continue les efforts. …
Et dire que rien n’a était packer cette année merci la
C'est moi ou fifa est beaucoup plus rapide ? Le jeux est cassé wesh !
Bon par contre le des effectifs à la limite je veux bien parce que j'ai quand même des matchs serré mais par contre…
- CAREER MANAGER - TRANSFERS!
Manager Messi
Elle sort à quelle heure la TOTW en général ?
J'ai k vous pensez je peux bien Investir ce soir à votre avis?
Regardez moi sur Twitch !
Nos finalistes du tournoi sont en place, dans les studios du centre RLD. A la clé, une PS4 et…
LIVE On part en live sur Venez me rejoindre Chaîne Twitch :
Let’s go les amis pour h sur avant un autre stream cette après-midi 🦈
Voici mon dernier test sur ​ avec le verdict final sur FIFA .
On a retourné le dernier FIFA et voici notre verdict avec le test complet. T…
Les gars si vous en avait encore le mieux et plus safe cest de vendre maintenant,pas sur quil soit dans la Totw...…
️ Plus que places pour le tournoi de ce soir a ! INFOS ET BILLETTERIE ️…
Voici la nouvelle disponible fin . Annonce par playstationfr. Vous kiffez ? 🤔️️ …
Calmez-vous les amis est même pas terminé, vous parlez déjà de sur c'est trop
Encore plus de ventes en quelque reliste pendant la nuit ! Sur ce que j’ai acheté hier soir en tech changement d…
Comme tout le monde l'a appris hier, la Playstation va sortir fin Chauffe celui qui logiquement sera ta…
Bon c'est pour quand la maj du mode carrière de ?? Qu'on s'occupe un peu avant ... C'e…
Ah oui n’oubliez pas J-2 avant la sortie des Swaps icons en attendant voici la liste des icônes qui seront disponib…
Bonjour M. , merci d’intégrer dans mon équipe après l’ouverture d’un pack.
Le live débute on depasse les k de bénef hebdo ce matin
L’import des joueurs de votre club et de votre pile est désormais disponible sur !
Benzema il est comment sur fifa ?
Hey vous ne voulez pas nous remettre les saisons en solo ?!
À quand une mise à jour pour les gardien ? ?
Quand tu vires Genesio et que tu finis par te contenter de son adjoint ! …
mertens!!!
GAMING | Profitez de € de réduction sur le pack avec &gt;…
On va aller se frotter un peu sur Rivals
Vraiment pas de bonnes affaires ce matin sur , j'attends -22h pour investir pour demain. Si ça reste haut…
Vous pouvez acheter vos joueurs en Tech Avion ce soir ou en fin d’après midi pour le 🤑
Bon j’ai bien usé là
Un mardi sympathique 🤑
Cette année j’ai pas perdu un match sur ... bah ouai j’ai pas acheter le jeu. Logique.
Enfaite on s'est encore tous fait baisé avec fifa pck vraiment il pue sa mère, faut pas se leurrer on aura pu jamai…
Mi récord personal Futdraft
Les pack à c’est vraiment de l’arnaque mdrr j’ai rien eu alors que dans mes pack à j’ai eu Salah , sane…
Mdddr ce jeu m’aime bcp trop , une chatte de malade cette Année
AUGMENTATIONS DE LA FOURCHETTE DE PRIX ÉOUR AREOLA
Vous pouvez m’eliquer svp ?
Un peu de tech avio
+1M480K DE BENEFS/ CONSEILS ACHAT REVENTE/DIV RIVAL GRIND LIGUE-1 …
Je comprends pas...
Vendredi, avec de la chance, on aura droit aux "icon swaps" Voici donc une petite team pour un budget de ,1M…
Un conseil ceux qui hésitaient encore à acheter ... ne le prenez pas. Ou du moins surtout pas pour Fut. C’e…
Hum.. Je vais le tester au prochain 🤔
Bref. J'ai eu ma première grosse carte 🤩
I'll switch to it!
Mode
ça me fait trop rire FUT sur "créez votre équipe de rêve" : Rashford, Lucas, Sterling, Martial... Tout ça p…
Allez je change encore d’équipe, ça me gonfle
Mes dernières ventes
C’est officiel, j’arrête le offline sur la physique de balle limite, l’enchaînement des mouvements ultra le…
On attaque fort avec
EH MERRRRCI LE PACK JOUEURS
RDV DEMAIN :30 SUR NOTRE CHAÎNE TWITCH POUR DU CLUB PRO SUR !!
M je suis bien entouré avec l'intouchable et l'enfant prodige de la techpupute 🥰…
Donnez-moi une tech achat revente svp
votre meilleure recrue FUT20 ? Perso João Félix c’est un malade mental.
millions!!! Je charbonne pour essayer de rattraper le patron ⁦⁩
Toutes les personnes avec des pouces vert que vous avez vue
J’ai investi en ce soir, vous pouvez cette nuit, essayez d’avoir votre pile vide pour h demain pour pou…
Les gens qui font de l’achat revente sur FIFA allez voir la page Facebook de JuKe_AR vous serez pas déçu
Résultat de la soirée Soirée mitigée - points pris sur possible - peut mieux faire Gg aux adver…
Enfin qualifié pour pour revoir mon dernier live sur FIFA c'est ici les amis
Même contre l'ordinateur, tu te fait avoir
Ex de cartes en chgmt de poste achetées ds la soirée
Sympa cette coupe transparente, on pourra en faire un vase
Je me régale sur le mode carrière de
MARIO RUI EST À K ! VENDEZ !! Je crie sinon on voit pas le tweet parfois ^^ Mario rui : -&gt;
DCÉ hybride Ligue/Pays : récompense : Pack Mega Rare. J’ai packé Viviano (1000 crédits) à vendre €50
Le plus bel emote de l’histoire de ...
Trop peur que la hype sur Sarabia OTW parte , j’ai vendu ! Sarabia achetés à Revendus à …
Non mais c’est juste pas possible. Énorme fail ce jeu. Des situations plus irréelles les unes que les autres. N’importe quoi.
Pour ceux qui veulent participer à la e-Ligue , ça se passe ici ⬇️
C'est moi ou les equipes de tout le monde sont pas mal, voir excellente même et il leur manque juste un Pogba, par…
Ptdrrrrr ce jeu c’est n’importe quoi
Puisque j’attends le patch de PES pour vous livrer mon verdict sur les deux jeux. Je peux au moins vous dire que la…
Et on remet ça mais avec Mahrez
Bon, heureusement qu'avec la trêve, on va se régaler avec le jeu flamboyant des bleus...ah merde non, bon tant pis…
On va se refaire la
Joao Félix y vaut le coup ?
🤤 UNE Heure ️ Ventes en 🤑 Alors ?
[ACHAT/REVENTE] MILLION HYPER RAPIDEMENT RAPIDE AVEC LA MEILLEURE TECH sur FIFA ! Lien :…
Le Petit Paumé Made in Lyon | …
Ma réaction normal non ?
Avec les bonnes stats qui veulent rien dire
Ah oui j'ai atteins la barre du millions de Benef transfert
Une bien belle finale de LDC ma foi
Booooon ok c'est bon. J'arrête d'avoir peur et j'investis en Fut Milli.... A demain voir si ça vend !
Ceux qui veulent une jacket custom je suis là héssitez pas
Ha ils ont même fait un clip pour le nouveau ballon FUT Adidas 🤷‍️ Dispo dans le jeu dès maintenant
Voulez vous que je fasse une ème série sur sur ma chaîne . Une serie mode carrière…
Problème fifa semaine2 argent le défi marquer en échange ne marche pas
Balancez vos ID PS4 qu’on se fasse des
Ptit snipe
Quand tu lance fut et que tu te voit rang en Rivals ta compris que ta soirée va être horrible..
Coupe sans règles
poteaux en une mi temps j'ai pas de chatte ou c'est pour tt le monde pareil ? Heureusement que j'ai gagné sinon l…
rendez les à leurs …
Toujours relister et rester patient les amis... vendu à l’instant en
Session vs11 avec
Début de fifa réussi
Pire fifa du monde j’ai juré
HEE Je part en live sur alors n'hésite pas !!
Ah ouais donc j'ai enfin pack ma première icône de fifa !
Moin 🇧🇷🤠
Les mecs qui taclent sur le gardien, a part vous prendre un jaune, vous esperez obtenir quoi?
Je ne sais pas ce qui s’est passé ce soir entre les conseillés en Achat Revente mais restons tous à notre place , t…
Je viens de louper ça !!!
Le POTM du mois arrive en ligue !
Vous séchez les cours pour avoir des ratios négatifs sur FUT .
Pour ceux qui cherche un gardien acheter Fabianski Ya pas meilleur
Je trouve Fifa ultra lent en Rivals c’est normal ?
Idée carrière : Jonathan David Âge : ans Postes : AT, BU et MOC Potentiel : !! (Non fixe) Valeur : …
pue la merde. EA a fait n'imp avec son game play de cdp arrêté merdique. Jretourne sur le tellement il e…
Pourquoi je peut pas aller plus loin ?
Il ne vous reste que quelques jours pour participer et tenter de gagner le nouveau sur la plateforme de vo…
Il me manque encore quelques critères avant d'être affilié Go me donner de la force avec un follow les frèr…
Playlist "|| " (Moments forts que la One enregistre)
GG à et , vous êtes déjà proche de l'objectif .. Tkt pas surtout ne te met pas u…
Mode carrière : Certains joueurs dont le contrat se termine dans mois mais il est impossible de les signer…
[] de nos joueurs ont participé ce er week-end de Voici leurs résultats…
Pour ceux qui était sur mon LIVE tout a l'heure...Bon voila j'ai investi en Et voila mes…
Les prix sont très haut ! On attend encore demain pour investir, du lourd arrive 🤑 Donc restez à l’affût ️️ …
Pile à , plus qu'à attendre que ça se vende tranquillement
Cette équipe m'apporte de l'amour tout comme je lui en donne et la respecte (, je suis fidèle aux joueurs, j'l'aime…
Enfiiiin une Animation..... Choqué (...... ) un BON joueur On était en LIVE
Ventes,certaines jai pas effacer
Bonjour à tous, on se retrouve sur Ou je vous partage mon fichier d’équipe que j’ai fait avec les Prime…
je suis certain que C LE PIRE FIFA DE L’HISTOIRE DES JEUX VIDÉOS !!!! ABSOLUMENT PLAISIR À JOUER À VOTRE ABERRATI…
Les sur fifa.., arrêtez les
A h, deux stream sera lancé. Faites votre choix ! FIFA20 ou R6S ? FIFA Club PRO …
Après près de semaines de jeu, j'affirme que est une immense déception. Quasiment envie de tester l'ennemi...
Je vend mon compte Si vous êtes sérieux venez DM.
[CP] FIFA – Trophées UNFP du Meilleur Joueur du Mois
Voici la compo pour cette première et deuxième journée de championnat sur …
Petit live vers h/21h30, ça en tente certains ? Hésitation entre du FUT Rivals et le mode carrière (mais…
Theo Walcott est désormais disponible via les SBC en version FlashBack !
Fallait pas me montrer Volta 🤦‍️ depuis je joue maintenant ...
les joueurs c'est vraiment des batards.
Voici la liste des icônes qui seront disponible le octobre dans les échanges swap !
Quelqu'un pourrait déjà dire de pourquoi j'ai investie sur lui et de comment je puisse le vendre, j'ai mis k…
A points ça suffit pour le rang rivals ?
dommage qu’ils n’ont pas fais tous les mises à jour apparemment tout le monde est déçu est mieux en fait
AVEC VOTRE DÉFENSE DE MERDE C IGNOBLE DE PONDRE ÇA EN LES DÉFENSEURS QUI NE SUIVENT PAS LES APPELS DES ATTAQUA…
les serveurs sont en pls ce soir !!!!
Vous aussi c’est bloqué à « synchronisation hospitalité en ligne » sur Fifa ?
N'oubliez pas les deux évènements de ce soir. Rendez-vous sur …
Ça fait exactement minutes que je suis en reprise de match ⁦⁩ !! Je gagne -0 à la eme minute et je ne…
Les footballeurs dans ont un vrai problème à suivre un ballon perdu ou à anticiper la chute d'un ballon, c'est chiant...
Eh merce pour les tutos COUP FRANC
Alexandre Lacazette
FUT | ACHAT/REVENTE LA MEILLEURE TECH - ,000 Crédits EN H - TECH ENCHERE
Ventes du jour, pas trop mal pour un mardi
Et de ... millions, on enchaine et toujours sans points fifa ️
Ça fait plaisir ça mdr
Nouvelle vidéo en ligne ! Un peu de gaming et d’humour bienvenue sur
h30 "Les joueurs sont contents mais les spécialistes font grise mine parce qu'on attend beaucoup…
Les commentateurs arabes ils te mettent de l'ambiance dans toutes les actions
Guettez comment je perd ma draft
Ofsside ?
s'associe avec l'UNFP
. x Trophées – Votez pour le meilleur Joueur du Mois !
Après de longs mois sans projet, me voilà de retour avec une image offline et des encarts twitch. Merci à …
Des conseils sur une team PL BUDJET MAX M ?
Jusque dans Fifa..ils pouvait pas faire mieux bon rétablissement Capitaine !! 🇫🇷 …
J'ai enfin commencé mes matchs en ligne.... Tres chaud en défense, go s'entraîner un peu, en attaque j'ai beau essa…
Rdv sur à h live sur on va un peu augmenter mon pro
Putin mais j’aime Muniain
Retrouvez notre équipe Fifa ce soir à h30 contre brotherhood et à h50 contre Pr…
Les gars je comprend pas le marcher est a +3,30 ! J’ai acheter ce matin je vend quedal depuis cet aprem !
On part en Live sur en Rivals plus de l'achat revente
Mdr ça parle de sur PS5 alors que est pas encore a % opérationnel bande de guignols
Nouvelle vidéo Je récupère le flashback de Walcott pour K ! Le lien …
L'équipe a gagné face au HARDA FC hier. N'hésitez à nous suivre sur et…
AMIENS SC er MATCH A DOMICILE FACE A LILLE DUR …
La vidéo sur la Tech Avion arrive dans moins d'1 heure, les millions vont très rapidement tombés avec cette tech !!…
- Carrière manager : DEUX NOUVELLES RECRUES
Je viens de packé sur FUT 🥳🥳
Tout ceux qui apprécie le gameplay de sont tout simplement des fils de pute y’a pas d’autre elication vra…
Vente à la mi journée suite au stream de ce matin la fut milli est quasiment partie, tech hyper safe et rentable, p…
Acheté hier soir ... Martial à un prix défiant tout concurrence Pas mal la Tech …
Soirée % ce soir avec nos deux premières rencontres en championnat contre et…
ème partie , /2020 Et on enchaîne par le avec ma grille …
Je sais pas ce qui est le pire : qui veut voir des mecs en slip à chaque gage ou bien qui v…
- Celui qui perd avec une grosse équipe: "Ah ca y est, c'est le retour du rééquilibrage" - Celui qui perd avec une…
Il faut atteindre le M d’ici la fin de la semaine
Comme dirait ça part comme des petits pains
Team pour le prochain Fut Champion
Direction le mode Volta les frérots puis un peu de mode carrière obligatoirement en fin de stream ! ici :…
- Trophées UNFP du Meilleur Joueur du Mois
EA s'associe pour le trophée UNFP de la Ligue Conforama …
Quand je vous dit que FIFA est le jeu plus réaliste ...
Le groupe EASports devient partenaire de l'UNFP pour ses trophées du meilleur joueur. Sont nommés en se…
Il est temps de voter. Qui sera le meilleur Joueur du Mois de septembre en Ligue Conforama !…
Quelques ventes tech avion ça part bien malgrés que les prix étaient haut hier ! La monte jeudi ça va être insane j…
Le mode FUT est rajouté sur nos tournois ! C'est le moment de tester ce que vaut ton équipe …
Encore quelques places pour les tournois ET GRATUITS En double élimination début à h et …
eSport – adidas dévoile un ballon officiel dédié aux EA Sports FIFA Global Series
Salut hier les serveurs ko bon ok mais la défaite a c est pas cool et impossible de rejouer le…
est sauvé sur la ligne par Volta. Mais qu’est ce que cela ronronne...
Le fifa le plus désastreux depuis ans ! Une honte ! niquez vos mères !
[] A partir de h00, une multitude d'informations sur nos différentes sections : - new re…
Dans h ! :
: Tout le monde a eu son fifa20 c’est bon ?! On vous entends plus 🤭🤣
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 🇮🇪 Nathan Collins ans - DC Potentiel : ️ Gestes techniques…
Hey les gamers , Moussa qui coûte k ça vaut vraiment le coup ? Je vous met ma team dans le tweet s…
On est reparti pour un peu de avant 🦈
ème jour de Fifa, ème MAJ ! Comme ça casse les couilles !
Vente depuis lundi 🤑🤑🤑🤑
« -0 on joue plus » Qui utilise aussi cette règle international à ?
On va draft cette après-midi en espérant packer du lourd ! Finale de draft ici --&gt; live at
Retour de l’eLIGUE1 sur !
C'est légal de sortir un jeu aussi bugué que ??? Niquez-vous
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Ben Woodburn ans - MOC [AG - BU] Potentiel : ️ Gest…
Il est temps d’acheter
Déjà + K de benef depuis cette nuit sur Et ce n'est pas fini... LIVE ou pas ce soir ?? ▶️…
Recap Investissement Mario rui achetés à Revendus à -&gt; Bénéfices : crédits en h
Je déconseille l'investissement en tech avion pour le moment, à voir demain l'état du marché.. Fut milli et or non…
Il était temps de se mettre aux couleurs de Qui d'autre que Zizou pouvait mieux le faire
Super matchmaking... bleu vs bleu. Merci les bugs
Des améliorations a faire conseillé ? ( je garde au moins k pour investir des que possible en )…
toujours aussi sympa la co…
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Ross McCrorie ans - MDC [DD - DC] Potentiel : ️ Ges…
J’ai packé Neymar ptn !!!!!!!!
Après la défaite contre les verts ce week end, l OL brade son édition 🤷‍️
🤔 a joué à deviner les points des joueurs du au et il nous a parlé du jeu vidéo!…
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chris Willock ans - MG Potentiel : ️ Gestes techniq…
Le retour de ton Club Pro préféré c'est demain ...
Mes ventes en fut milli sur mon compte secondaire
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 🇽🇰 Arijanet Muric ans - G Potentiel : ️ Modélisé :
Cette semaine, on se balance sur une totale clash d'équipes, j'ai bien commencé hier, je passerai en Futchamp une f…
Mettre BUT PES ok, parcontre passer minutes a faire que des tout droit et tenté que des but PES c'est vraiment…
Nouvelle fourchette max pour Mendy = . Nouvelle fourchette max pour Semedo = .
Salut Twitter. Voici mes ventes du lundi . Go pour ZZ vive l'achat revente
Pas de patch cette semaine pour le mode carrière. EA bosse toujours dessus, on en saura plus la semaine prochaine…
Eugène et Antoine, si vous nous regardez...
Le JEU CONCOURS des préinscriptions joue les prolongations jusqu'à la fin de la Paris Games Week ! Si vous n'a…
Petit live d'une heure dans quelques minutes sur twitch
| MODE CARRIERE Fiche technique 󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Grady Diangana ans - MG [MD] Potentiel : ️ Gestes t…
Un ballon FUT créé par Adidas exclusivement pour les Global Series
Petit budget Investissement : Les Firpo sont pas cher je trouvent si vous les choper c'est le top
Tiens j'ai joué aucune grosse team (GEN &gt; +4) pour le moment c'est bizarre… normalement c'est que ça sur -13-22
Le vice du modern warfare !! Rebellez vous, merde maintenant!!
Donc récompense clash d'équipe Balotelli Kolarov Valbuena allez vous faire enculer
Quasiment pas de bonnes affaires, les plus grosses chutes sont des gold qui reviennent dans les packs et étaient en…