Then I would say that after this morning's sculpture I continue the rest of the day at the tobacconist's to the sound of scratch cards...
Miralem has been included in the team of the week of . ⠀ Do you agree with these statistics?...
Two golden weeks and two weeks you give me at most hamsik more teams of the ridiculous week... then it's time for me to get to the...
The Team of the Week , analyzed in the Corner with
We couldn't have wanted a better start! ️ Congratulations to the whole team. …
Then those of and go to cry by the police of Twitter because people wish him...
DAY -0 Macca Litrou ️ ️ ️ErFranz ️Stemel DAY...
Find the new fifa from tronyofficial gametekkita ...
I redeemed the WL, quick update on the saints in the calendar.
This will be the design of the cards The winner of the Player of the Month Award should go to the...
PACK OPENING DIVISION RIVALS AND WEEKEND LEAGUE!!! :30 Channel : BresciaEsport Shortly on with...
️ The 🇫🇷 card is inserted into the database during the night. Probably therefore the arrival in the day...
Romagnoli serious stuff with his team on He chose very well ... especially digianni
Mother my Lukita...
Daje that way!! °°°
Day two -FcApiKiller -1 Goal: Assist: FcApiKil...
Hello my version of has a huge bug: Lucas Biglia moves and dribbles even the players...
️ According to a well-known gaming magazine, it's the best football simulator currently but it's astounding...
Season /2020 Esl Italy 🇮🇹 Division ° day 🆚 Carrarese eSport -0 A great gearbox that brings you...
The eSportPro Hawks team, after disposing of yesterday's home defeat, is going to try to make up for it in the second round of the...
I wonder if all the young people have understood that. …
And figurative
A NEW ERA. Have you counted the passages?
Let's go to fa sta pajacciata va...
Alessio Romagnoli creates his team of eSports, is called and will be engaged on
Promotion Instant-Gaming FIFA Points for Platforms and PS4 FP Points for PS4 ...
Bravo, bravo Romagnoli, think about playing in Se avanza tempo, remember to commit yourself to playing football too...
Alessio Romagnoli arrives in the world of the . The defender of the gave birth to a professional team...
New work News I remind you how to contact you either in dm or via mail bobo_dj88.it ...
New work News I remind you how to contact you either in dm or via mail bobo_dj88.it ...
FIFA Ultimate Team: Team of the Week available from today (16/10/19 -
▶ Welcome ◀ Always present at the official qualifications in and coach to the Global Series P...
LIVE NOW! We improve together by exposing problems and collecting your feedback to send them...
The double + assist + of , the capital performance of , the trio of ...
Announced the of
Discover the officer, from the hours in
*NEW* new team of the week announced
FIFA: the agreement in Ultimate Team explained!
FIFA: the agreement in Ultimate Team explained!
FIFA: the agreement in Ultimate Team explained!
FIFA: the agreement in Ultimate Team explained!
▶ Welcome ◀ World top40, top2 in Italy on . It is the most representative Italian player, and...
Work in progress...defensive wall under construction!
Has the cancer patch 5 of Ready to bring down madonnas?
First season in with the jersey of the Sin for the final result, we definitely deserved to...
I can finally announce it: I'm an official player of the teamromagnoli13 ! This is just the beginning with alessio....
▶️ Welcome ◀️ World's top32 on , participated in the in...
Opinions and advice to improve my rose of ? 🤔
Alessio Romagnoli + Full article!
Second day of Vs Live on YouTube Tonight at :05 am ...
⭕ ⭕ NEW SEALED titles on Çirk Click here to visit the category ⏩....
New Patch 5 available on and from
Demme in history, double role in Leipzig: player and... pro gamer up!
Video games now make a resume.
New patch of also available on console!
This is an official image of dedicated to the event arriving on Molise.
New investments in the run-up to the main matches + UEFA Champions League matches -----&gt;&gt;...
Are you undecided on how to deal with the? Here is the article for you! …
I sold it to him. Amen.
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
Made a few days ago but I waited for the dynamic image before posting it, newcomer to my super sub...
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
Three changes from yesterday's game. Here's our owner, ready to give you nightmares. …
I spent a lot of patience there, but here he is, the new player in the team's life.
After a long wait tonight begins our journey in DAY vs...
ndombele→maddison→the celso →zaha→the celso →pulisic →
Tolerated, and I believe that even or would have difficulties with the gods...
🇮🇹 ARE THE FLAGS READY? 🇮🇹 While we wait for XFactor all to cheer for Italy ...
The matches will be streamed at the same time, at :30, on our Twitch channels...
🇮🇹[EFA ITALIA]??🇹 Tonight we start with the Bunshichi Cup73... brother, wherever you are, we dedicate it to you. Gazettes...
On ⏳ A new project is about to be unveiled! What team is it?
"The second jersey of the is among the ten most beautiful of " ⬇️
Turkish players to ban on murderer ️
*NEW* Instant Gaming - Digital Key a growing market
FIFA: the new Title Update solves the most annoying bugs of the Career
Good thing the beautiful thing is that I also lost -1
New day. New debut. Today we're taking to the pitch on the first day of the . Mar...
*NEW* Bastian Schweinsteiger's SBC announced - The End of an Era
The team is ready for this week's FUT Champions League ...
with the custom pack of the ? The Giallorossi club launches the competition to win the title...
Want to win with custom pack and autographed by the team? Enter our contest...
Published a new patch for which fixes a number of numerous bugs and improves career mode.
*NEW* Official details of the Ultimate Team mode understanding
The Rivals are unplayable today.
FIFA ITA - TIME MEGA TOURNAMENT TO MIAMI! LINK: …
FIFA - CAREER COACH ITA FINAL AGAINST THE SEVILLA LINK: …
FIFA ITA - THIRD ROUND TIME AT LAGOS LINK: …
Lots of bugs fixed with the last update: the news of the Title Update
All the details of the new of
the ready for the new season of ...
Here are all the details of the update 5 in Available now on PC and coming soon...
A good news for Neapolitan fans and not only. With the new update, it has a new face on the car...
FIFA , Weekend League ° -4 Thomas "" Saiani still puts itself on display in this on...
Good game really. Bitter start but the challenge was really beautiful ...
Hello people employed in social work. An important and superficial question: Which one? Thank you ...
*NEW* Patch 5 for PC released
This week's Twitter break has served me well to blacken up a lot. Now I'm just waiting for De Bruyne instead of S...
Did they upgrade the AI in the defensive phase?
New FIFA update coming soon, physical form bug fixes and much more
DRIVING TO THE MODULES This is the article you've been waiting for! In this guide, we will show you step by step which of the following...
You've asked so many of us for this! Here are the best modules and tactics of
By today the second year of in
probably arriving Friday October Here are the details that we know so far:...
Triplet for in the English victory over the for -0. He therefore applies forcefully for a while...
Ready for this new season of 🇮🇹
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
Menino Belotti deita!
In goal on the first exit. Keep it up!
SILVA inceci
throw the glove
The Italian rankings of sale of the Week . Domain and , but and n...
Primer Icono!!!!
A discreet performance at the premiere of FVPA against the despite an Overall that is out of line (85) with only...
What is the best of football? …
The address of the first qualifying weekend of: tears up the pass for Bucharest...
We're flying to Bucharest! Qualified at the first event of with Thank you all for being able to...
Our ️⃣1️⃣ lions 🦁 who will take to the field in the ª day against For Valhalla! FORCE RAGAZZ...
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
We officially open the season
Today we will see at work our committed to their premiere against the allies of the...
The solutions of 🇲🇽 can be found in our article
Numbers dizzying for , who continues to beat records
*NEW* September of - Carlos Vela
FIFA - Ultimate Team: Division Rivals (Wessam JUVE) via
from FIFA to : this is how it changed
As the Official Sponsor of the B Series I wanted to wish all participating teams a Good ...
The premiere of the icons of the year
After that, it's time to draw conclusions. Let us know how the writing of the...
The Carrarese Academy presents: |Rosa /20 |Centrocampist 🥅| ...
I tried to do the same action on but nothing to do, too complicated even for the artificial intelligence...
In the new Outcast Games Room, Raffaello Rusconi dedicates himself to the eternal duel of video game football, telling us about his...
, confirms itself as the best-selling game in
Here's this week's results on some of our guys! 🇮🇹 ️ Twitch channel:...
Video games, FIFA football remains the best-selling
And here is the rose of the YDN colors that will represent in the next championships! You guys!
and he's back on top of the Italian league table.
*NEW* Prediction Main Dating - October
*NEW* Ultimate Team mode prediction
The big day has come! From tonight we will take to the field to be serious, for the adrenaline of the three points! I…
available at a discounted price for PS4
Cavani CDM for life.
Mi primer Icono
hello
It seemed so far away the beginning of the competitions on this. Tomorrow we leave again, we were looking forward to it! …
PREDICTION IF Victory for a of in the house of the . Absolute protagonist that with...
He ends his speech on our Sylvester "Emp_Prestige" Brown, with the great result of /2!🇮🇹...
RTG team improving, now let's hope for some decent results...
One of the many goals and assists made this afternoon MATTINSIDE
Lionel Messi (Academica Clinceni) 🤩
We present the Club, which will represent us on ProClub in the current competitions: VPG...
🇮🇹 It's happened again! It's happened again! Thomas Saiani "asap_tom96" brings home yet another tournament...
with and finally arrived the support to the joypad of and ... about everything or...
️Ci we are! ▶️ These are the players who will represent us for the next season! | B-Series -...
Ball *arrive* Defenders:
️ MATCHDAY 🇮🇹 Tuesday ⏰ 0th match of competition against ️ ...
&LT;FONT COLOR="#3399CC"&GT;SUBTITLES BY &LT;FONT COLOR="FFFFFF"&GT;MEMORYONSMELLS &LT;FONT COLOR="#3399CC"&GT;🇨
️Manca little! ▶️Presentazione of the rose ️stay tunned
A super up for our Savior "Empoli_Legend" Beef, with the result of /3!🇮🇹 ️ Twi Channel...
For the we find the author of a hat-trick in the match won by his at the home of the...
Here at tester trezeguet
TUTO CORNER RENTRANT FIFA20
Which Bucharest Cup: -2 -1 -0 ...
Piedmont Soccer? Okay.
Caminante Marco Verratti in a pack ...
PREDICTION IF L' qualifies to the shifts in advance. The national team wins against...
All young talents under the A series
Join for FREE in the draw to win a ps4 and fifa LINK ► ...
PREDICTION IF Victory for - the against in the match valid for the qualifications to the...
The Carrarese Academy presents: |Rosa /20 |GK 🥅| ...
️ Streama Malta - Sverige Live: ...
Because of bad weather, the drivers play
Live from the weekend league of our PRO Player at 0 o'clock Follow him here
What do you think of this? …
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPLES GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
So dear if I don't have English players out of your fucking packages...
of the cax that does not allow you to make other changes I love In Dm everyone to ask me about the faces to...
Good luck to all Italian players for the first qualification of the year GL force italia🇮🇹️
I bring my passion to you too. A quick look at the in the brand new title ...
The up in career mode Values, growth of players, team economy Ideal module and...
PREDICTION IF Another new candidate for the next one is 🇺🇦. The midfielder of the...
WL and HITCHES IN SALE
0, magic night. Fourth Raige Quit in a row.
but how the fuck do you have icons on your team?
FIFA - CAREER COACH ITA SEMIFINAL AGAINST BOURUSSIA M LINK: …
FIFA ITA - TOURNAMENT START TIME AT LAGOS! LINK: …
I just confessed after years, I'm finally a follower of our lord, or at least until he turns on again...
*UPDATE* - Available in the Ultimate Team Tracker mode updated with all the...
Minute: FIFA - European Qualifications! | With //
Also available our article for the
Zanetti / Ferdinand / Drogba or Icon Pack? 🤔
Available the !
Some of the objectives for Icona tokens
Icon Swaps available! Drogba obviously the most expensive
Very true.
MEME TIME We don't think there's anything else to add...it happened. The situation should be resolved shortly....
The servers are really rotten.
*UPDATE* Maintenance - Status Server Ultimate Team | Live Update Technical problems with the release of the...
New info on Icon Swaps available! As we are reported by EA there will be a total of swap tokens, which will be...
Available the for in version . . . . …
The new one for POTM Aubameyang is out! Will you complete it?
*NEW* - Available in Ultimate Team mode
at the start of: millions of dollars up for grabs...
I'm not afraid of you!!! Week ..target gold1
And nothing I just wanted to say I was honored my face edit Thanks
After trying with several teams, I made the decision to start again my adventure with the ...
FIFA ITA - TIME TOURNAMENT IN CAPE TOWN LINK: …
New season, old habits.
🇳🇱 Memphis , the Netherlands is at risk of being big against Northern Ireland, finding itself under -0 minutes from the end of the...
The first candidate is Romelu, the striker of 'scores two goals and an assist. Belgium wins...
The "Base icon guaranteed" pack has been inserted in the database. Probably one of the prizes that can be obtained through the...
It's 🇬🇦 the of September of !! Currently his is not yet available ....
Let's start this second ... 🤯🤯
Exit your teams on
Aubameyang wins the September POTM!
is the of September Still the SBC is not available in
FIFA - Millions of Players On all the details.
FIFA Indonesia Piedmont Football Career Mode: Tiga Laga Serie B Lawan Pisa, Livorno, &amp; Entella ►...
🇧🇷 After the Garrincha experience, we change Brazilian! This time we went for sure, a little boy who already...
To celebrate the millions of users, Electronic Arts gives credits to be used in the game's multiplayer mode.
LOL It's not possible this is bad luck
PSG vs Real Madrid UCL!
Maddison OVR90 ＃FIFA20
I hope that even some of you have noticed this specimen of Adriano in the advert of Absurd when it comes to the...
Another one's coming. Remember to keep everything under control with our App "0775 eSports"...
CHIELS RIP
New FIFA new stimuli. Glad to start this new path with a great team.
Ederson (Manchester City)
FIFA: millions of players reached ...
FIFA: millions of players reached ...
FIFA: millions of players reached ...
She smiles, waiting for the first day of the championship.
|XBOX Series Series Season -2020, here is the list of teams ...
0:00 a.m.: bed. this year you make me so disgusting that even the desire to stay and play instead of going...
Asensio -1, it's over! And it's also the only game in rivals won this week.
|PS4 Series Season -2020, here's the list of teams. . . . . …
Opening many packages may prove crucial to getting certain cards in the game.
They're not.
Lukaku double step and goal vs Gigi
I can't get past division is serious?
Two new permanent products are available. These will allow you to exchange your...
Incredible that many still play in FIFA, it's fine without, and I heard that there is no improvement in the performance of the...
Fifa has reached millions of players
What happened today ...
*NEW* EA Sports celebrates millions of players
*NEW &amp; Solutions - October Main Meetings
Nonsense... …
Szymon Zurkowski is the phenomenon | Fiorentina - FIFA BUG Career At the... of ...
we play Inter-Barcelona with . How will it end between IcePrinsipene Crazy_fat_gamer?
THE GASATED ADVICES The appointment with GAZ is back! This week are two players of the recommended by the n...
Style, Precision and Control. Let's hear it on
More goals for - license of the Italian torn from her rival
Hate You Gameplay
THANKS INSTEAD OF BOMBS, I'LL GIVE YOU SOME.
Added a new piece of the puzzle ...
Want to discover the in mode ? From a to e , the Giallorossi to...
Want to discover the in mode ? From a to e , the Giallorossi to...
Our season opens with the first matches in Serie A. We start from a solid foundation, from the certainties...
We inform you of the arrival of , a free application and without advertising, which allows you to keep track of...
Not bad these WL awards
all we need is big players in
First weeks of and once again I feel like saying that the football simulation games are far away,...
*READ CAREFULLY* Pitch Notes - First Owner Cards and Icon Swaps
The red hunt begins again! Good luck to you all with the first reward of . Let us see the...
BORA DE DIVISION RIVALS
As reported by means of a tweet a few minutes ago for the automatic qualification to the baseline...
Proud of my boys!
FIFA - CAREER COACH ITA RANSOM ITA AGAINST VALENCIA! LINK: …
FIFA ITA - EPIC FINAL TIME! LINK: …
Vamos soiiii points to the first of the championship ... Grani
Great start with two consecutive wins for ! Congratulations to all my colleagues...
With up for becomes a great in the market challenge....
With this graphics, our team advises us. The left triplet of the , already very useful...
New work News I remind you how to contact you either in dm or via mail bobo_dj88.it ...
I did not think you would appreciate so much my illustrated careers coach. thank you very much to everyone...
Team Update ...
Opinion after weeks from the release of : I think the level of general blasphemies will increase expressively...
The Italian rankings of sale of the Week . The podium is all about
Here is the new FIFA revealed by con , and . Who wants to...
ILLUSTRATED CAREER CAREER ILLUSTRATED COACH ️ COACH: TIM HOWARD 🇺🇸- ----- ...
FIFA Volta: tips and tricks to become the best Read the article here;
My first on of well €100!! Never shopped in my life. I want to experience the thrill of not finding a...
? It's basically three games in one: Volta Football, Ultimate Team and the rest. On the contents is giant and not...
Announced the new !
New by ... Not bad at all.
*NEW* new team of the week announced
FIFA TEAM OF THE WEEK Chaca 🇲🇽 Semedo 🇵🇹 Papu 🇦🇷 Verratti 🇮🇹 Dybala 🇦🇷...
FIFA TEAM OF THE WEEK Chaca 🇲🇽 Semedo 🇵🇹 Papu 🇦🇷 Verratti 🇮🇹 Dybala 🇦🇷...
The arrow , the double shot , the class in the middle of the field of and very...
It's just after the pussy, there's only one thing.
The hype for the first is greater than the hype for the first child
These are the two main candidates for the September award in Who do you think will win? Incoming...
Carriera allenatore Top clubs in Premier League (Juventus, Real Madrid, PSG, Bayern Monaco)
In the evening I'm coming home with some headaches that I bought a week ago and I still haven't played a game!
Verratti
Imobile
That's why I switched to for a game that unlike trying to improve the quality of the...
*NEW* September nomination of the Bundesliga
eSportPro Hawks officially registered with . Daje raga
In view of the meeting we will tell you the story of the team's Giallorossi and...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPLES GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
Now it's official, the Italian is an exclusive of No second division Italian for...
*REPOST* Prediction of Ultimate Team mode
FIFA ITA - SEMIFINAL TIME! LINK: …
More than Fifa, it had to be called Fifa bus edition. People with gullies, Ronaldo neymar who defends himself with pers...
- I'm going out tonight - and where are you going? - I'm going to a party at!
First training ⭐ of evaluation It starts very well
SADDLING RIVALS
BORA DE DIVISION RIVALS
Heading down the hall, every time you score with Son on :
The awaits you... We seek in all roles... …
new coach of the coach career
Today I went by but I did not do it for the bundle game but rather I took this game....
Brozovic on free kick vs Gigi
No Paco No Party, No Rare Gold No Party 🇪🇸
No UCL content I assume, no promo content... off by :02.
has officially announced his retirement for this season. Would you like an END version...
TUTORIAL - GLITCH FROM LEALDADE:
For the strongest of the not there is
After so many years I'm back to talk about and we'll do it up! We'll talk about the and of tant...
eSports world Interviews, insights, videos and curiosities We will tell you about...
Are you using cards to restore the players' lives? It's no use! A glitch of allows you to...
We're starting to think.
Anyway I would like to tell the managers that I, up I am second behind Juve playing with...
Last week of vacation in new york then you come back and let's start the big fifa ...
*NEW* Global Series - Official Competition Details
Career illustrated with our Episode