What offers can I find during the Ultimate Scream event? FUT packages, theme kits, Ultimate Sc items...
Save your cologne, only good ones, send us what they took at the award ceremony, boys,
I haven't had time to make the full WL so I tried to make my wins to at least have the points but if...
When was the Ultimate Scream event first released? The Halloween event was launched for the first time...
Here's a good one for the brothers... It's worth the over! Follow there on Twitch : ...
Going up the first skank of the day to play an online game I'm kneading ‍
Team of the Week , of the , is the first highlight of the new ...
Who validates my team?
Not possible pqp
Reward until it surrendered hj. Thanks EAzinha
I knew I was gonna take Kardec out at the awards...
The big screen of Portugal, my friends, it is eternal.
Joao Felix
Silver OP
Silver OP
Somebody tell me if they already got that problem in the dribbles in the player mode, already updated and João Felix is still...
- This, and more EXCELLENT players for TRADE today! Watch the video on the Channel, at h !!! link:....
A game where you have to hope for your opponent to make a mistake and vice versa! Nobody scores. Slow game. Reply read...
THE KING OF THE DISARMING, LIVE WITH THE SECOND PART OF OUR LITTLE LIVE ONE, NOW THERE IN THE ,...
Goal in kbeca's extra time and with goalkeeper ?Kkkkkkkkk this eh o fifa20
faith was of
After this update I lost kkkkkk games I'm a lot of shit
Game over update, it sucks! I thought that was gonna be good, but like every year...
This is one more victory than ever before, and if you play you're available to...
Happy teachers' day yet! Damn it, fessô, you mitted on!!
You're gonna play and that's all you're gonna get, congratulations. I spend my fortune buying edi...
EA Never Criticized kkkk
We have a free-kick!
It is important to read the pitch notes about the last update in . The escalation bug for example, you don't...
It is interesting to note that we will have more adjustments in the career mode in the next updates.
Today I came in with a lot of willpower in this mess here!
What about that bid? Wouldn't that be a red card?
In the last weekend league
New acquisition. LEFT PROTECTION of caliber in the 50 new purchase... Rock Solid Left Back. …
EA smiled kkkkkk
Second free kick goal
I don't know why I spent money on that shit
There's no point in talking about style, everyone knows that EA forgot to put a pair of pants on van Gils 🤣...
Company celebrates success by offering virtual $ to players! …
He's also live on the LIVE glue!!!!
We're live with our LIVE player!!!
FIFA - BACK (LiveStream)
Please, somebody teaches me how to defend myself in this ? seriously I literally can't score, it's like I've never...
Marcos Acuña in the team of the week after an excellent display by the Argentina team! 🇦🇷
Then who are we gonna take off? Are we gonna take Lewa out?
As As As🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
If you sign up for the channel, click there: Tomorrow we'll have new video...
- GALERA, VIDEO TODAY, AS H on the FIFA TRADE CHANNEL.h Channel, click here: COM...
Today there is a UEFA EUROPE LEAGUE FINAL in our If Espanyol is champion Osiel Livinho will ra...
Kostic plays a lot 🤣
We are in live, continue the goals of the icons and maybe draft later!!!! …
One more turn, one more penny!!!!
I can't take guys who play sports and say speed doesn't matter...
Openings! 🥅 [ProClubs - Fifa20] Take the opportunity and come train with us, we count on you! ...
The market's crazy! Let's take advantage and send those bids and snipes!!!!
Bravo.
What do you call that in your town? Unfortunately, it's not me.
Turn up the sound and get ready to face the team in this week's Casting Challenge! …
My nephew made the improvement Gold for me and ended up taking out the sensational Neuer kkk ‍
NEW VIDEO ON THE CHANNEL! HISTORICAL ELIMINATION ON THE RETURN OF THE ! Check it out! If you sign up, leave it and share it.....
NEW VIDEO ON THE CHANNEL ! HISTORICAL ELIMINATION ON THE RETURN OF THE ! Check it out! If you sign up, leave the and co...
Live testing Career Mode after bug fixing updates. ▶️
Rewards tomorrow... you want a Ronaldo? Mbappe? Neymar? Icons? Save your packs and I'll open them in the nightly live 🧐...
Update of the ?
TOTW has just been released inside the ultimate team, run to sell between the first hours in case you take someone expensive to...
Friday is another Bundesliga day. Great chances to see the harit as POTM, eai, would fit some d...
Left to play Fifa
The great game of Portuguese football! Benfica and Porto will face off in the third round of the Portuguese league. Which v...
[WORKSHOT - That healed that bull caught my friends] Oh crazy the guy who hit that ball made a big turn...
Sergio Kun Agüero Virtual Pro Lookalike! 🇦🇷1⃣0⃣ Don't forget to subscribe and leave your...
You cannot edit numbers in the selections yet, and the editing menu continues out of alphabetical order. …
My feedback on the update, especially on career and CPU behavior. I like it! I see...
Nicolas Pepe or Dembouz ?
Favorite format for ?
The problem with player editing continues. André Wright was PL/ED/EE. We just changed the number and he just turned...
The new update is legal. And the game has changed a lot in general. The defense is fairer. A heavy quarterback doesn't color...
Lewandowski, Wijnaldum and Keylor Navas have all been featured on the team's squad this week, and they have this letter from Acuña, who...
We have a harder game...
One more day, one more live on youtube!!
It's a gang, it was bad for those who made the DME of OTW of Sanchez, it doesn't come out in form anymore.
Finally, CORRIGIRAM the Career Mode bug's in the
Fifa Volta live at
I'm happy to become a reference and help the people who are starting out in the pro clubs. That may sound self-centered...
EA, well!
I woke up with a desire to throw money away today! I think I'm gonna buy
Update that corrects career mode bugs has left for the consoles \/ In the image, there's back the option to go to the messages and...
With , &amp; ‍ here are the highlights of the Available in the...
Apparently, guys are testing and the bizarre Career Mode bugs have really been fixed! Amen, the way and...
He left Canary's Nest, starts today at hs!!!!
Mano Brown's first teammates at Udinese l Career Mode player ▶️...
🆙 TOTW do on air! ⏩ Wijnaldum, Lewa, Digne and Schmeichel as the best. Which one would you like you...
Our full moon monsters are also about to arrive, trade guys can be smart now...
I think Friday we have the arrival of the letters in ...
Another novelty for the Reds playing FIFA! is on the Team of the Week!
The man's here!
BACK
Result of ° Wekeend League . We are in constant growth, adapting to the constant changes in the game. .....
ULTIMATE SCREAM GUIDE! Will we have Ultimate Scream this year? Just in case, I threw that guide to whoever...
FIFA - ALL ABOUT THE ª UPDATE (PS4/NE/PC):
Let's toast the REST OF THE GREAT in a promise from Everton! New episode with Union Berlin at the
Sergio Ramos among the most devalued players in the game. Last Thursday, after the rewards, that letter p...
I just come here to drop this off and apologize. Come back.
I negotiate happily with some corrections in the broken career mode and with J. Félix's face... But the game is more del...
The update fixed many problems. CPU gameplay/IA is much better now.
Coffee on the air to check the news of the update! Just come:
Second update released now for XBOX AND PS, what did you think?
Good morning guys, excited to see who are the totw of the time? as soon as they disclose share here for you, hug.
The size of the FIFA Update on Xbone is .15Gb.
🆙 Second update is now available for consoles ⏩ Send feedback throughout the day! ⏩ Par...
Attention Brazil! receiving update at this time. It's probably the same Update4 that came out...
Kevin de Bruyne talks about the score of Premier League players in Fifa - ...
Fourth update available for download on consoles!
Is it the best Fifa of all time? In this episode, and you welcome our friends, our steak friends...
I think if you advertise it with a footprint of mixed with a little...
A health tip: don't gamble. As I'm doing overtime (house of) I'm living loka hue
Come back, Time!
- New Video - Available on the Channel as h00. Items covered: - Yan Junling - Austin - Pedro Mendes - Corl...
Put the player inside the goal 🤣
You have to respect
I went to work mega puto with the fifa!!!! At work, I won a lot of bad cards for my cast and I've already won games in...
Throw the glove!
João Félix
VAMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS live at
Let's test Guardiola with our athlete, come to liveee!....
Respects the giant
That's ridiculous how manipulated it is!
We're live on, glue cmg there!!!!
We're live with our player on the live!!! glue!
Let this new update bring a new game pq ta boring these complaints of bugs and defects
Who says you're not scoring? Take that!
I'm having all the matches disconnected (ALL). I can't finish a prank. Has that been reported?...
Is this just where the FUT is oscillating too much?
I told you I'd help you, that I'd deliver content. Carlão doesn't joke when it comes to it. If there's anything...
And what do you say, handicap's over???.... Deadbeats, they'll never finish him off.
Gabriel Jesus leaves and Mbappe arrives!
João Felix
Somebody did Schweinsteiger's SBC?! Can anyone tell me if it's worth it even if he has a /3?
Today Dei Lesson No Fifa kkkkkk games defeats and Victories 🤙
In the Back courts, a defender can and must finish and also show his skills. A few of Jawnson's sips, n...
FREE VOLTA COINS!
Boy, the book I bought about the history of football is very good, but it could come with some tips on how to score in .
to kneading in the on division of ‍
There's EVERYTHING waiting for them to update the face of John Felix.
This is a new face of João Felix, with the update of the
New video chicken for you. WL Award. Don't forget about like.
I WANT TO SEE THE GENERAL, DOING THE PIGEON DANCE.
LIVE ON!! Glue to see that one
Curiosity about the player When he kicks the ball far away after the offside has been scored, he is warned against the...
Would you like to see IN GAME's stadiums on FIFA Patch?
Today we had Schweinstger's DME, it's revolving around k, a little expensive but for those who are with an a...
still has a very annoying problem, even after the update. My control setting does not save...
In my pc, even updating, João Felix still follows with this face, someone knows pq?
[LIVE TEST] COFFEE WITH - GOALS OF THE SEASON, PACKS, RIVALS, DMES, DRAFTS AND LOTS OF REVIEWS!....
Here's the tip!
The is a good shit
When entering the Career Mode nogitisation cutscene the game is closing on its own after the update of the...
v no sb comes this boy...for those who already use Spanish team q blz...
One more monster arrives at the by and, with the sponsorship of scufgaming: !!!! He was...
Very well summarized by
is alive hahaha DME of the Super Bastian End of an Era available in . Good letter, balance...
Listo el SBC de Carlitis Vela
EA has released a new patch for PC, in theory fixing various problems of Career Mode in , like: - Champ...
We're in our daily live!
Marcelo Virtual Pro Lookalike! 🇧🇷1⃣2⃣ Don't forget to subscribe and leave your LIKE...
Let's try to make the goals of Icon Swaps! ...
Welcome to the first episode of the career mode player with Mano Brown at ▶️...
New - FIFA + COMANDO SONY DUALSHOCK BLACK PS4 more info: ...
That update fast pq so it's fucked up.
According to the CPU, it's much smarter and more unpredictable.
Let's take a look at this.
FIFA confirms Update with several novelties in IA -
That's the Skill Tree we're using with our Young Zlatan. We invest as much as we can in completion and speed...
And then, can you do the most funky celebrations of all? Watch the video to learn!
I updated it on PC, and for me the face of João Felix, is still generic here.
FIFA ITA - COME BACK TO THE LAKES!!!! LINK: ...
I'm not eert at all, but I've always learned from videos in English. So I decided to make a...
Dude, it's very easy to create "delay" in . Not wanting to, while playing DR I put the fortnite to upgrade, and p...
Who's the best you've ever tested? Here are the selected ones. My vote is the Kai boy's in terms...
Who do you want to stay? ....
New video already on the channel!
"Goal of the Week" is already on the air. Be sure to send your goal in good quality to eligasul.com. Pa...
THE RETURN OF THE ACCEPTING ALL THE PROPOSALS! Now on! episode 1 - REAL MADRID
Congratulations to all the teachers! Especially to the Fifeiros hahaha, and to our president who is...
What is the icon you will want on FIFA with this icon swaps scene?
The list of the best young men of the season is out. But what does every nerd want to know? Hiring...
The * update has come out of it a lot of fixes, mainly about the CPU AI that was weak and the main...
One of the corrections of Update4 do is that there was extra time in the Carling Cup semifonals, and the right one is...
Update arriving there with the new faces guys!! On the islands I must come next week
Carlos or Nesta ?
This is a good summary of the 🤷‍ community.
Good morning! Let's have coffee with to start work on Tuesday:
I playing FIFA
One more update of our newsletter has arrived my darlings! with each update comes the fear that they will ruin the gam...
According to reports from some sources, the Portuguese club S.L Benfica eSports can hire TG Zezinho, athlete of the Team...
Guys, there's a new update for the PC. For Ps4 and ne will be out soon. Here's the link to the update and n...
Guys, there's a new update for the PC. For Ps4 and ne will be out soon. Here's the link to the update and ne...
Adjustments and corrections in Gameplay, Career Mode, UT, Visual, Audio and other areas.
Domingos Quina , Portugal -&gt;84 Positions-CAM, CM, CDM Age-19 Real Face: YES
️ New arrival update! Many gameplay changes, with a focus on solving problems of delay and...
Bulgar is Vulgar
passing rage playing
I played so much today that my fingers are hurting
Texture quality with Fidel's LOD Mod (Soccergaming)
Who remembers this goal of ... That Fekir was my Nani...
[futniteesports TRAINING] Ypedrojoga Crossing10 and goal in the Training of the futni...
livezinha on!
We are on for the first time in !!!! Come with us to Live.
We start today with the free tips for the . To join the exclusive group, contact us right now...
Possible TOTW, with goals in last game. It's a good bet for him to sell from Wednesday. …
we're on time without fortnite, trapped in a limbo, with no plans to leave and start the chapter on the millet game...
They've already tested The Back Mode and seen how it's going from Mais🤙 ...
Aovivo Training
The first agent never forgot kkkkkkkk
Elica's dynamic potential is that the player, whether happy or sad, remains the same...
Volta mode in fifa is a vibe
Terminado el SBC De CRACKLITOS VELA ️🇲🇽
FIFA : How to Complete MLS POTM Carlos Vela SBC
Career mode FIFA team of the ° division of the English championship :
Once again you are the player of the week with elite . Congratulations and we wish you to continue with the good desempenho🇵🇹 The...
of exchanging icons done.... WOW... my brain... until tomorrow internet.
We're in a little live, making the challenges for the swap icons!
Non-negotiable FC + k on the bench. Not bad for the month of fifa
Last season I sank the real, but this board released billions and I hired God and the world. If the ear...
We are live with our player at ! Come to live!!!
Ukraine's defensive organization reminds me of the drop back at fifa...
Cerco team per pro club Ruolo: TS/TD/COC/CC/CDC.
Brazil well served as a goalkeeper! Who would you change places on this list? Check out the full story in...
What is so stressful and at the same time so addictive...
First WL of I stayed in Gold, very good for the team that has the Wesley of Centroavante, Now is to do some...
We hire European PROMISE! New episode with Union Berlin at the
I know q is second but I think q I'll play play
POTM MLS Carlos Vera SBC
Year after year, nothing changes. 🤦‍️
I had to make this legend.
Haven't you seen it yet? Click and watch: via FIFA TUTORIALS - FIFA (CO)...
FIFA : How to Complete MLS POTM Carlos Vela SBC - Twinfinite
POTM Sail!
So don't demean
Recovery laughs in the face of limits. Look at this move, which ended with a goal from our Young Zlatan: ...
DME new no . Carlos Vela is the MLS Player of the Month. It's very easy and serves as a good sub. - Cast...
Also in Mata SBC
Candle SBC
Carlos Vela SBC!
Tomorrow starts the FUT Open Cup I am inserted in the group K with , and floc. Let it be a good turn...
Top United Kingdom: remains leader and debuts in fifth.
Let's re-test the -5-2! Then coop seasons with At night we continue Gears on twitch!....
Hail, Steaks! What's it like to pay for the same game every year?
Please fix this server is simply disgusting to play with this delay
Top weekend league ! We have a lot to improve, it was a very tense Weekend League, a lot of delay, let's go back...
Aaron Wan-Bissaka Virtual Pro Lookalike! 󠁥⃣ Getting the hang of it. G…
These are Stevenage's best players in the
Hi, reason for my Stonks!
Team A or Team B? Vote imo
CHAMPION! was the champion of the tournament held at the Warner booth at TU É VERY FERA R...
Live in search of icons!
This FIFA20 Uahahahahaha was the time...
WL Passada elite , this one I ended up getting elite only , lacked calm in some games but with time we are evolving ...
…
Let's talk a little bit about this FUT Champions League, trying to improve what's wrong with our game...
Thank you for this new opportunity, BGS year together...
victories in the first WL. That's good.
Good morning! Fds with NET connection problem. As soon as it seemed to normalize I started playing on Mars and I didn't...
Good morning
A AND GAVE ME ONE MORE REPORT IN THE SQUAD BATTLES! RUMO A GLORIA EPI via ...
See the best moments of the FIFA PlayStation Plus Tournament, with Romario Baró ...
Impressive the regularity, continues flying in this beginning of WL, /0, who for man? 🤔
At noon there's another episode of Towards Gloria Thanks
I played h de and I got mad pqp
N gave it to us... But we'll train and evolve into the Elite!!
The good son returns home. My pupil!
Team better than last week, but the result was worse! Things from
It was my best WL ever made. Always losing those unbelievable games and two on penalties. Satisfied! …
A preview of tomorrow's video, and yes, it's even better than this one in the video.
Testing a FIFA on the new Xbox!!!! I guess I figured it out, huh?! Kkkkkkkkkk
I was looking for you at E msm and the guys were saying that you were wearing a very eye-catching outfit that was...
With the lack of coins for Laca's companion on -2, I must test this variant. Enjoy the untradables of...
With this team...
End of the first WL in this
First idol of the
Who saw the live saw the live myth in the open pack, pqp
Look what a bizarre impediment in the ALO...
it's a good thing I had out this fds, and that I have things to deal with and less time (patience...) for the fifa.... to n....
Gold! Watching him and improving the team for the next step! I hug you all...
Good evening, does anyone have PS4 control to sell? After that move, I threw mine on the wall and broke everything! …
Guys at h/21:05 we will be live at the opening of the SB awards, Rivals and some extra packs...
FIFA Career Mode ° league division of England
Not as good as my friends and but V in J is reasonable , Gold and next week there is m...
One goal is the possibility to customize the whole look of the stadiums. Enjoying very much the theme bits of Cas...
Another year being brought in and paying for the same buggy game as .
We are -4, we still give for elite3!! and we have giveaway of euros in fifa points if you can...
. Buy during the SB award for prices k abai of the lower prices... . Sell tomorrow for the tar...
"Oh and such, I'll never play the WL again," the truth is, I played this weekend and I felt improvements in my game and it's a...
Coming home very happy with these days of event that I could go, and already anxious for next year to be there again...
Sunday sales
Bernardo hisses in the game any minimum backrest loses play.
Slowly if you go far continue to work for next weekend to reach Elite ...
Happy to achieve my best result in every WL I've ever played. For a victory did not come the verified (I will spare...
LIVE IS ON! make some more WL games!
I don't know if I have enough sanity to finish these games with this lag and my star team... …
You want a wall pass?
We hit the post today, just a little bit short of the maximum title. However, VOLTA gave us a big boost in the...
I made v in j of futchampions, I think it's not bad for the first fifa futchampions.
I went to try to make Jorge Jesus here in the , but it is very difficult, resource still limited lol
Well, that black hole could suck that I read from the
When someone plays with selection in the online mode of the
Our booth has everything here on the last day of the show! You can play the new one around here and find out...
FIFA : how to download and install on PC, PS4, Xbox One and Switch: ...
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Recovery.
My - V, D WL and missing games 🤦‍️
HELP THE AZOREAN!!!!
LIVESTREAM DAILY ON!!
The beginning of the history mode! Back | FIFA
Ahah LATERAL also scores! Kk I left my...
Congratulations, I've played more than FIFA Squad Battles games, points.
Goal! In Live!
Sunday summarizing in Cel, and SoundCloud. Loud sound in the bedroom looks like there's a party.
Bomb Cup Tournament I'm already in the Round!! Congratulations on the initiative and on all the effort you've put into...
Fouls.
. That game where Eriksen (OV88) earn less than Lingard (OV82) in the middle, because of the pace.
Check out tips on how to start a cool Career Mode in the
Damn it, put that fucking zaga in there.
No pace? But it gives coins! Go on, old man!
h we have the continuation of the first qualify of . Yesterday's qualifiers will play knockout, worth...
- in terms of gameplay I think it's worse than it is but I believe that with some updates it can come...
Yoooo, I'm live to play the Bomb Cup even if it's just a game 🤣🤣🤣 the main responsible for e...
Yesterday we confirmed our access to Div with a 'German' win, the biggest we've had so far (in goalkeeper games). One...
Great Adnan has valued Brodueis again! Whoever's got it, they're selling it! From yesterday to today it's spinning from the...
NEW CONTRACTOR! Moise Kean arrives as new reinforcement! New episode with Union Berlin at the
Nobody wants to stay out of eSports! Check out the complete article in . …
Sixth round: -4 vs. GLOBAL defeat: -2 * -3 vs...
New attribute was included in Neymar's letter in the Injury Probable
Let there be creativity! When you understand...
How to play with an absurd delay? Teach me
Want a gamer tip for your MC? Joe Aribo, just scored against the Brazilian team
The famous "Goal Pelé didn't score" in the
Contenders!
The article says it's a huge success, because it has millions of players. Not to mention those millions...
Morning live chat on FUT CHAMPIONS! Now at the YT in the afternoon on twitch! ....
Complete World Turntable ️ ...
Conquered
I've named my team SlytherQueen and I'm loving that name and I'll put it on everything.
My selection for the -20 season in Mato Grosso do Sul
Gold is becoming routine already kkkkkkkkkkkk
- AS H00, NEW VIDEO IN THE CHANNEL!!! link:
Miniature for
Gol q fifa just validated for me...
Caminante Sergio Ramos ...
I went to play an online Ultimate Team now, right, after setting up a base team to get started. First game...
Today it's owl exxxqueci
FIFA CARREIRA - Let's start from scratch! Live!!!!
A reminder of the KBSs
You don't do that, Douglas Costa.
New video on the channel Learn how to edit and...
To be placed
BORA TO WL
An acquaintance of ours.
I'm the only one who can't find opponents in ?!??
Imagine having the Douglas Costa untradable in your team, opening an untradable pack and leaving the Douglas Costa another ve...
LiveStream now from the great Lag20!
I came back and I'm at the booth to see everything they've prepared! You can play...
-4 in WL with this team, besides Felipe Anderson the team is very good, Auba is a god (not only by Pace), Cancelo is a...
corner goallllllll siiuuuuuuuu
Congratulations on the beautiful game shit. First game slow and with giant delay, now you don't find the...
Will we have teams or some licensed players in the ?
...MENTION YOUR FRIEND THE PLAYER... …
Qui a ?
FIFA ITA - TURN SECONDO SHIFT TO LAKES LINK: ...
laps with friends
A few more examples.
New Bug do : SamPaulinO
Hold this combo from our Zlatan! Two goals in a row
Some examples of players. Giving coins maximum bid, selling the /1100/1200 depends on the value they're leaving.....
Some examples of players. Buy at maximum bid, sell for /1100. Repeat.
They cost to sell but finally the Battaglias left the club.
The great muleki Fati player from the barça.... where?!
⭐ REINFORCEMENT IN AREA: Fast and skillful striker, Fiapo arrives after passing through ,...
I'm just gonna buy the , qaundo is all right the Career Mode
I wanted to be able to play more fifa, but whenever I have time left and I'm going to play it's just a late game, I don't even say....
Do it and hold me.
Impressive how that FIFA read is broken, King is better than Cristiano Ronaldo.
I'm from the time we had to adapt to the games, not the other way around.
It's no use stealing, we win on penalties. Uefa Super Cup Champions.
To take the tie out of the score and win the title.... only he didn't give it.
It's the fut of the guri
Now bru tbm has a team of
Holiday has now left the stand waiting for you there to play one and...
Bayern got on the wheel of a fool.
Champions!!!!!!!!! German Super Cup.
Check-in done! Last settings for the first qualify ! Get on top of them! …
Which one's the best?
The Portuguese league begins and there are signings at Luz to have a great season in this FIFA career mode....
Wan bissaka OTW or John cancel?
Gambling
Matches Positioning, in the Divisions Rivals, of the Victory Ties Defeats Goals Made Goals...
In a year of stagnation, a rabbit pulls out of a hat to give VOICE to the situation. Take my review of...
Marcelinho's business card
88/100] SUBPOINTS - WEEKEND SIGA DEMO LEAGES [!instantgaming] [!betpt] [!loots]
These are the best in the art of disarming, intercepting passes and blocking kicks! Without one of these on your team, you...
The bru is also in eSports! Check out the complete article in . …
It's a beauty to play the WL, I've already taken a few disconnects, besides, I'm winning the game, already close to ending the advers...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL JUVENTUS x SCHALKE04 GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL JUVENTUS x SCHALKE04 GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL JUVENTUS x SCHALKE04 GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL JUVENTUS x SCHALKE04 GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL BARCELONA x PORTO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL BARCELONA x PORTO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL BARCELONA x PORTO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL BARCELONA x PORTO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL BARCELONA x PORTO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPOLI GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamep...
Learn how to hit free, it's worth it.
Adidas, EA Team for &amp; FIFA &amp; Sports
BUTT TO K CRÉDITS!!!! ️
Career mode on the Switch goes without errors and no problem in the calendar
On time I got a Lucas Moura, an Alaba and a Militant Eder...
Today, from das⏲️13H we have the first qualifier of the season. In dispute are vacancies for the...
Are we gonna stay on Fut champions?
This happens so much
Today as a qualifier, take the flag and our race outside, and remember are playing you and us all ...
How will the second round of Futbol Champions League go?
flying principle
Goal!
What am I gonna say about this game? The guy just scored from the top and from anywhere with the Cav...
Sbc Denmark vs Switzerland
What a painting! From
I still miss the FIFA Club World Cup. I can't settle for not having, it's a tremendous foul in Career Mode.
What a game to play
🇵🇹 João Félix ️
Ohhh neymar
Thank you for DE GEA at dawn!
Live On! More people come, follow our journey on the WL.
It's a big responsibility, my almost kk team! Where are the servers for us to have some fun?....
I play x0, ' and my team with one less, but we don't give up, do we? Hahahahahah IS VAPO IN MY FRIENDS' DIV ‍...
price is pulled
IF IOKO PARTNER! T U T H O R I A L
I'm kind of bad, but I'd like to play a game of against
Busy day on, today narrating that naughty guy on stage. Who saw me there? ▶️
Those after-hours deals.
A little bit of what the guys draw just so they know there's no kidding around here.
Who does it look like to you? 🤔
I just started my Weekend League of . Coke in there so we can exchange ideas? Just come!
Live starting now!
The first x0 you never forget...
BORA TO WL
JOHN FELIX！！！
Philosophical question of the night You will look for the music of the , has music that does not have on Spotify and neither does...
It's really good. I'm glad I didn't spend a penny on that.
Good people! Live now from Fut Champions! I'll see you in a minute!
The winner of the tournament is Marco Vinagre, who led his France to victory at the end of the ° Game!....
Let's continue the FUT Champions, we're -1, goal not to miss any game tonight!....
TODAY HAS WEEKEND LEAGUE! Glue on the channel to watch the competition and change that idea. …
Anyone who's ever taken that booking scheme? My God... I didn't take as many goals as I did today...
Don't play in front of zaha Hahaha.
We're ready! After we thought a lot about teamwork, Robozao stayed. Let's go pro play.
ICON GRATIS FOR EVERYONE?!?!! HOW do ICON SWAPS work via HOW TO HAVE AN ICON N...
Adidas, EA Team for 'FIFA ' Esports - Global License
The best finishers of VOLTA! In front of goal, these guys are deadly. Realize that Ninja and Recovery too...
I've already arrived on the overall
We had a great day today and we reached Div using this lethal Mexican Triad! In the Grouchy goal, on the right, Marce...
Looking for a decent server to play the WL
Bugger those non-negotiable level-up packs.
Electronic Arts has announced that FIFA has surpassed the milestone of millions of players on all the platforms that it f...
You can train with Ciro Gomes in the
I like this Token business. I'm looking forward to doing the first icon.
millions of games sold in days.
He left to mitar with Inter in the online seasons of the
Hail guys. Another video came out run there and check it out!!!! Video bringing the jewelry, the attacking socks more...
All Rivals, chao bye Fut Champions
It's cool. I've enjoyed this method of Icon Swap do . Now let's focus on the goals and rescue someone in D...
Exact amount of Tokens to get the players: 🇨🇮 Drogba - Owen - 🇷🇴 Hagi - Gerr...
WEEKEND LEAGUE REWARDS!! TIRAMOS ONE TOPS. via new Video with the rewards!!!!
The first list of Icon Swaps is available! . There will be a total of tokens available to win; . Colet...
Look at this gang gathered here at... And remembering that tomorrow you have the season qualify. Somebody just...
EA released the amount of tokens needed to pick up each of the Icons. Remembering that they are tokens in total.....
Playing alone is nice, but playing with others is much better, isn't it? Hurry up here and make out too...
COOOOOOOOOOUTINHO
PROMOTION! PlayStation TB console plus FIFA in physical media! It's all official here! R$ 40,00* Price go...
depress sing hazir
That's why you have to be asshole and hold the ball. extra minutes where? Disgusting game
The guys from the came yesterday to our booth to play the game and are with presence mark...
Congratulations to those involved, you're too much, you've managed to get the essence out of it! The game boils down to boom and...
With the presentation of the ESports team we share this article again...
Dispute not with the star ? It's going to be rolling with the visitors of the START booth at LOGO PLUS! ...
Look what you have here at the playstation_br booth ️🤩 euu to talking about the same...
This AE can't hit one in this fifa, it's ridiculous!
IT'S NOW! The GRAND FINALE of the Cup, which puts you face to face with Daniel Loure...
Is it so hard to get one right?
Those are the light ones! The five with the most rhythm (or Pace) of our beloved BACK mode. Don't miss the chance to recruit...
You have reached Database , with stats of all the original players (82+) that we found so far in the BACK modes...
DME Aumabeyang POTM is now available on . Cast - Cast with one player PL - Cast with one player PL - Cast with...
🇬🇦 The DME of Aubameyang has left on and is extremely expensive for little up. ⏩ Two DME's, one of them asking for ...
I was /1 Now /4!! My Pyroceta!!!! 🤭🤬🤬🤬
The first database is ready and we'll bring the link for you!
morata out, alcacer in
Live daily ON!!
Now in the division even who scored goals was newly arrived brewster
00,000 COINS! This letter was wrong! Let's do more!!!! FIFA TRADE CHANNEL
Part of the LIVE Quarter Finals!! ⭕️
This is a serious problem for our country!
Either the guy's too cold in the attack, or I'm a mental imbalance in the defense. The guy's been to the attack three times (!!!!...)
ICONS/ÍDOLS typhus representing the selections in the
My Weekend League will be on the beach!
Ipswich was beaten by me doing something that I've never done in a divisional team.
Team to that WL, let's go!!! Logo on stream
CUP Tournament break for a Quiz! We're waiting for you! LIVE ⭕️...
Start the Weekend League!
My best match wasn't at the WL.
I was longer without playing online, I came back today and took a little x0 porradinha, without any rhythm of game, it's fucked.
◾ goals in one game only ◾ More goals than games in the season ◾ giant teams eye on him we hire THE LARGEST PROMES...
I took it to test FIFA in the demo that they provided. I enjoyed the game, bro. I found a lot of business in the...
Our first FIFA Time WL was set up without FIFApoints.
Let's go like this and God help us!!!!
️ WL /10 to /10 Time had many changes to this second WL. I switched half the team. Let's see if the result...
Have you seen the players I've had?
The no method is something you can do to make coins (many coins if you put time into this method).....
h in the morning with my head at a thousand I mounted this Chinese combo in UT!
If you sign up for the channel, click there: Tomorrow we'll have new video on the channel...
Guaranteed Icon Baby DME provided already in the . Only comes Little Druggie
Good morning with POTM of the newest appeal and the release of Icon Swaps
...MY 1,000-COIN CHAMPIONS' FUTSAL TEAM HEADED FOR THE EPI GLORY...
General in class and I starting my WL...
Come and see what card + I took in my first wl award at the
WORTH WHO DECIDES? I CAREER MODEL via
- In this video, I present clearly and objectively, as you, who enjoy ULTIMATE TEAM mode, can achieve...
Statistics
The tournament is about to begin! ⭕ LIVE
Our casters, and, uh, they're ready for the... Are you here yet?!
is a great success
BACK
When the technician is lost 🤣🤣🤣
This grobo camera on 🤣
Take that
Guys...
IT'S CHAMPION! Our player was champion today in the In a Fifa championship held at the...
I'm tired of playing improvised games.
It's kickoff games, and it's time for you to interpret the numbers. Gaius Ribeiro moment. Valuable... …
Wtf, what's wrong with ? The ball's all fucked up. ..........
we started the little gogogogog live one...
It was nadaaaaa....
Let's go from . The night is just a child. Coke on the call!
we started the little live of
When I see everyone playing
Playing the CopaAlpar from just gave me more desire to have a Game again
Another day of getting on the hectic stage here at . This time our athletes played en...
I was watching the game from the commentary of the and I thought it was FIFA KKKKK ...
Let's go to daily training!
If you've gone through this myth and given up recruiting, you've wavered. One of the players with the most RIT so far, he dribbles well...
WL AWARDS + TEAM CHANGES
Ultimate team could allow third uniform saw
Seeing the game with the comments of Caio Ribeiro, I always think I'm playing
The good son returns home! Besides, he's also hired by Netshoes! Check out the article c...
FIFA Pro Clubs - Is that what you wanted? Kkk the neck player, full video on YouTube ,...
little grindezinho in the rivals before the WL!
Come quietly
Saint-Maximin the most buggy Ultimate Team of the
Learn there hahaha
The addiction is strong and even with the command without L1 (I wonder what happened... )
EA SPORTS FIFA celebrates millions of players
The icons of the Legends of BACK! Curiosity: Despite the fact that van Gils is based in New York City, its icon presents...
Thank you to and for this gift
ELMAS 🇲🇰 ️️ MOTM
Nintendo!
shooting
Handicap doesn't exist. I beat the guy for x0. I've been MASSACRED. I didn't see the color of the ball. The guy's zaga opened twice...
First video of my canal project hahahaha if anyone can give a strength thank you!
We're live! With this boy in goal 🥅 Come say hello
Traveling here... Trying to create wallpapers with the typhus of the
Millions of players are already competing in professional fields and futsal cages around the world, on FIFA20!....
Award day at the, uh, will you mime him? Follow his live and send that force.
We should bring some backup to the next WL? k box.
Our "captain", is giving that roll in and visiting the ........................................................
FIFA | SBC | VOLTA & REWARDS .....
I guess we'll just go to the first WL in the
New home for
Ready for FUT Champions 🤘
I was dry thinking that with K it was possible to buy the boy Neymar at , but the look has already passed the K 🤦🤷
It's just me or someone else who's already adopted the mental vocabulary and keeps talking about the nothingness "Look at Paçoca!", "Arregou!", "I lik...
This appointment is killing straight talk...
De Gea is k.........
it's kind of hard, in?
Whoever glued it to the START booth to play with the visitors..: Watch this:...
Pull over because Daddy's arrived in a BOSTA pack!
The FIFA PlayStation Plus Tournament at the Estádio do Dragão had the special presence of Romário Baró ...
⏩ Manyss DME's this Thursday afternoon at , we go to them: ️ DME Soccer Back, gives a mega pack, asks for jo...
Defense renewed, new tactics trained, come to WL from fds. The search for the verified follows ...
Merci le SBC back
Setting the team
I'm going to open the pack only in Companion and/or Web App. And I have! 🤦‍️
Round SBC
Edgar Davids Virtual Pro Lookalike! 🇳🇱8⃣ First "Icon" legend for FIFA . I hope that...
Stream tonight after I did some sbc's at work.
Online registration for the Cup is now available! Sign up for...
I'm ready for another Weekend League. With a lot of care we were able to put together this humble team. And how are you guys...
New SBCs in . ️Mais a Flashback, this time from Polish right-back Piszczek (right? I guess so, h...
Sbc back oklm
From back SBC
What do they look like?
Ready for another week on the way to Verified!
My Arrival
Somebody help me, which one of these rewards do I get? Somebody tell me what's in this prime package ??
Play against Barcelona
hits the millions of players.
- FIFA - THIS IS MILLIONARY HAVE I BEST TRADE TIP FIFA link:
Hey, little chicken, tell me, how was your WL award? Send the printout of the players you took and col...
FIFA PlayStation Plus Tournament Special Finale with Romario Baró
Impossible to turn your face to Thursday's madness. The market flew and I sold everything with a profit on the k coins...
I'm Live!
Day! More tournaments today on the stage of All Laughter and review with your brains! Just get there...
On the stage of our team was already present on the main stage with FINAL of the day between...
Is this citizen usable?
| You can also use Instagram Story: "Thank you".
As the poet would say: "Boot the exclusive on the screen because it's hard work" For those who like FIFA...
Exclusive interview with Rafifa new reinforcement of the presented in the ...
FIFA PlayStation Plus Tournament Dragon Stadium
Are we going to the WL like this?
Are you able to score a goal like this? Then send your goal to eligasul.com and compete for the "Go...
let's open the awards now! has a lot of top pack heim ...
FAST LIVE OPENING WL AWARDS !
Bugs and bizarre things in the career mode of
What do we start the day off with?
Let's get the FUT Champions gold1 rewards!! …
Dybala's good performances in recent games have earned him the first Informed Card with an Overall ...
He started early on the clowning about just coming in as a goalkeeper... Last Fifa I had a few goalkeepers in those pp... ...it's good that if you stay the...
It will start the season of the guys posting pictures of cool letters to show off. "Congratulations, man!"
Lezzzzzz go
EA's servers suck......
Today has ° day of , but before leaving for the event, let's chat and enjoy a little more ...
Morning, brothers! How were the WL awards? Here the "best" was Jorginho in Player Pick and in the pack, little luck...
Usually "only" I have about /20 people watching my videos (to which I'm grateful) but this video has boomed! Q…
OMG! FIRST REWARDS DE FUT CHAMPIONS! RUMO A GLORIA EPI | via ...
Team made for the WL!! -4-2 in game
Award won kk with the coins I reformulated the zaga and let's get another elite in the WL
And this mosaic of no
I've opened an account I'm going to play for...fair! WL: Gold /15V Division: div/rank
I received a beautiful assistance ️
Then Dad doesn't forgive ️
Since the players of Juventus and Liverpool are in hype we go to Gamble ... …
Reward Rivals Division... What's worth more at the moment: Pick up k coins, negotiable packs or unsecured packs...
Let's mitar in the
On Sunday our duo will be present at giving a check on the novelties of and everything that involves...
It's no use, it's a game of the hour, but it causes more anger than fun for those who like Ultimate Team.....
The amount of rebounds left over from the opponent's foot is bizarre. Every move that swallows him...
PUBLIC UTILITY OF A QUARTERBACK IS VERY GOOD.
One thing I ask of the community, never again say the "best fifa" just because of the evaluation period. Q…
[COPA apcleague ASCENSION] (GROUP A) Good luck to the Team that I defend futniteesports that is a beautiful Cam...
Impressive as the no dv with delay is another game, the game gets extremely stressful, very similar to the fifa.
Finally get to make a closed team in this ; Towards the TOP100
[THIS IS TODAY THE SORTHING OF THE STAGE OF COPA ASCESION GROUPS] choose ...
This Quincy Promes plays a lot.
The use of the VAR is wrong in my opinion... The VAR nun...
New...... content 🤔 🤷‍
Mds from heaven I need to learn how to mark on SOMEONE ME TEACHES FOR FAVOR
Picture right after he ate all the sandwiches...
Look what he's doing to us......
We're the owners of Germany!!!!!! CHAMPIONS!!!!!!!!
Joshua King Triggered
FIFA led sales at PlayStation Store in September Read here:
The mode of play that gives me more desire to play, is the mode that is more buggy... 🤦‍️🤦‍️🤦‍️
Ah naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Joao Felix is a peptide!
What delantero aconsejais with k 🧐
The colonizers went through Ultimate Team do and stole the gold from the cards.
GAME SHOW started and I'll be at the playstation_br booth until Sunday ️ I already started with a x0 from...
It comes into play, and it scores a goal! MONSTRUOUS UPGRADE to the Aveiro CUP award by...
Kaká &lt;3
If you had to choose a side to play on forever, which side would it be?...
HAIL, LIVE ON! Cokes to play that FIFA and give those rage! ...
of the best red picks for tomorrow are Series A. Let's invest in the more cards in this league. Preferentially...
That grindezão at the Rivals!!!! Division!
FIFA bombing the channel! To start (link in bai
DIVISION RIVALS - FEATURING THE FC KIDS !!
Yeah, that's right.
Which of the two is better? 🤔 …
SBC Liga y País Básicos
With great pleasure I assume the position of Team Manager of Boavista FC Esports that has now arrived at the PC! …
I've already done my duty, you're all that's missing
LEAVE THE LIKE, COMMENT, SHARE AND SUBSCRIBE TO THE CHANNEL! …
Reus v2.0
Sony's booth has many game options. For the sports lover, the highlight is the Already for the gamers in ge...
Hello guys!! I wanted to ask for help to set up the next squad of the weekend. team from the left: the current team from...
Posters of Icons / Idols in the
A cousin's father doesn't forgive
Jorginho
That I kept
Team of the Week released! And with the right to Brazilian! The Premier League representatives are: - Lewis...
Updated banner for Sponsored by &amp; ...
Kalidou Koulibaly Virtual Pro Lookalike! 🇸🇳2⃣6⃣ Back to the videos and I was very conten...
One more! And we faced the Portuguese Leicester!!! via
FUT People If you have players from Piedmont Calcio and Liverpool: SELL IT!!!!
Fifa' - Shit game with an absurd delay. - Nice game with an absurd delay. Same shit, different season.
Hail boys. Video bringing the jewelry, the most promising attacking stockings of the fifa, do not miss... Stay...
Price, potential, contract... find out all about CR7 on FIFA.com
So, have you sent your goal to the Goal of the Week contest yet? Not yet, huh? Then send to eligasul.....
I've been watching a stream where the streamer was getting € where the messages were jokes (some of which were...
In my career mode, Liverpool and City are in the relegation zone. Bizarre!
️ at ️ Estádio do Dragão tomorrow at h00 in the tournament of ️ do ! ️ …
Guys are already editing the typhuses.
What a beautiful shit that was, congratulations for ruining the only game I liked to play.
Our first video from the Series of..: "How to pick up Elite in this video series, I'm gonna show you how to...
I have a friend who sells games, I asked him how were the sales of x :....
LIVESTREAM DAILY ON!!
Record Breaker Carlos Vela
Upgrade in defence and midfield, out Kondogbia, in Vidal. Scheme has been changed, let's see if things get better ag...
Few things piss me off more than a little bit more than a little retranqueiro in the... The guys put players on defense and three runs...
[69/80] SUBPOINTS - Here we go for the suffering of Rivals [!instantgaming] [!betpt] [!loots]...
A dominant performance against Southampton sees Jorginho named in the team of the week! …
With much happiness and pride he is among us!!!! WELCOME A résumé that does not need to hurry...
Getting the hang of it...
OFFICIAL NOW! from - /10/2019.
Wesley ️, Immobile , Pallois &amp; Bergwijn ️ no ! Available from h!....
Today is one of the few days that there will be no video of Towards Glory in YT, because there was not enough content...
I was really excited to get mine started on While these tech bugs...
will be corrected, but not now! It connects according to the subject matter, the development team...
Coutinho for Bundes POTM
I hope to see you there. I did:
I passed the matches and for me it's still fired, one of the best I've ever played. New pulled with the...
Jorge Jesus' Flemish live this Friday (11/10) at hrs, Lisbon time, on the Portuguese Channel.....
The stadium is missing.
Incredible GOLS SCREEN in just games! It connects in the new episode with Union Berlin in the
GO Red Fox!!!! That's how the Red Fox fans scream in the virtual stands, the RED FOX team...
STRENGTHENING! We're going to reinforce our defense for the next WL. Our fight will now be Varane. It's got speed, height...
Thank God no game x1 handicap look what happens has only two words: you are from "p...
C Fifa or UFC ?????
Potential Coutinho POTM card
Frying in the drafts pq of the packs I've given up...
If these are the Reports, imagine the misinformations 🤦‍
I finally got lucky in a pack, DME Hybrid Alloys.
Vote for him because the mininu is brave
TOTW3 Investment Video TOTW4 Forecast Many Profits.... ...
CFU x Round
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPOLI GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamep...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPOLI GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamep...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPOLI GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamep...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL MANCHESTER UNITED x NAPOLI GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamep...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL REAL MADRID x MANCHESTER CITY GAMEPLAY FIFA via Ga...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL REAL MADRID x MANCHESTER CITY GAMEPLAY FIFA via Ga...
dominated Europe and Brazil during September
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL REAL MADRID x MANCHESTER CITY GAMEPLAY FIFA via Ga...
LEAKED OUT!!!! - We Sell EVERYTHING THE BEST TRADE TIP FIFA pity that with J...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL REAL MADRID x MANCHESTER CITY GAMEPLAY FIFA via Ga...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL TOTTENHAM-MILAN GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL TOTTENHAM-MILAN GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL TOTTENHAM-MILAN GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL TOTTENHAM-MILAN GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL TOTTENHAM-MILAN GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
Unveiled sponsored by
Ralph on UT // How I see him on UT
It's cool to download it and I couldn't play, because the game weighs a ton and takes year and months to download...
Maximilianobg17
Of the small happiness that this cursed game provides...
Missing a goalkeeper, the doubt is between Aréola and Neuer, the first is Hypado dms and the last was in the SDS then both ten...
I stood up to this guy, he didn't even pick up the ball. He scored a goal in a glitch of extras, goalkeeper was pecking, already in us, judge of...
the handcap doesn't exist no little brother
Tell me... Was it balanced or wasn't it?
How hard can it be to score?
Farewell to the gala with that Harry Kane hit! Come on.
Sancho is the brave of the game
Do you want an investment that in a week's time will at least give you k for each letter without doing anything else?.... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
In the rewards of the Rivals Division is more game picking up packages or coins?
I'll bring you more analysis of the players of . I'm thinking of setting up new teams and confirming a few things...
Cheap ronaldo
in the canal! Give that morale there: . . . . ultimatet. . .
I hired three players for my career at Robin Gosens, German, Atalanta, and I hired without a...
Soccer Art Lucão! The brave of the game!
Who's the best to play Varane's side at fifa20?
Let's go to the tests!
Lucas Moura lying down for the!!!!!
CSS seems easy, but even giants like that sometimes give these playing !
Has anyone noticed that consumables like Fitness are not being relevant to players? Independent of...
Come to live with the followers in the !!!! …
FIFA TD OPENING CUP 🇵🇹 ª Jornada -0ª Jornada -1 P...
I'm gonna have to knead my brother in the
We're live giving grind to rivals!! heading for division!! …
Video New POTM Connect Future Investments POTMs ...
I'm back in the DR division. The level of the boys is absurd. With each game a suffocation . Last game of the division...
João Félix
TOTW3 Investment Video TOTW4 Forecast Many Profits.... ...
Family takes a look at how much our friend managed to buy the neymarjr boy in ... .....
And today ends the story of hammers bought for less than k and selling between and k
Follow a few games on FIFA!
I managed to bring two great hires (Santi Cazorla and José Callejón) for my career with Malaga and for free.
Help us look at that shit. That can't be considered a ready-made game. It's unfortunate. Do not create...
Can anyone play Rivals Division?
They still want me to take this game seriously...
The incredible atmosphere of MLS in the
Eaeee Colorados!!!!!!! Bringing the traditional Saci on its shield and representing the team of, the...
I decided to bring you a thread about the players I've used so far in order to help you put together a...
Forward Linhares!!!! The name already denounces, from the city of Linhares to the world of the pro, the Linhares Proclubs confirmed...
Capybarenses in the area!!!!! The Capivara E-Sports team, who finished off their FIFA fears very well, is reinforcing the...
Volta is fun!
EA's servers are shit! When the game becomes stable with a latency point...
is the second most downloaded game of September in the Brazilian PSN. is the first. Looks like Ko...
It's handling 🤷‍
Soon.....
And a little stream on the weekend doing some lookalikes would make out? 🤔
All set for another season of
The list of the most downloaded games on PSN br came out in September and after years, FIFA and PES side by side in the prime...
Tottenham at the bottom of the screen 🇫🇴
Interesting of this is that digital sales have been growing in the gaming industry. PSN September FIFA USA - ° Br...
With the addition of Jawnson, we were able for the first time to maximize the meshing of the x5, diamond formation. It's still gonna...
only Lacazetti is missing in the attack
We found three more + players, one of them is very promising! MEI, - M. Thomson; MEI, - D. Sunder (Dee); DEF...
Actually, Cristiano is Robaldo in the OP card.
LIVE ON!! HISTORY MODE.
Is it? If you come, look, hello... thank you too much. Although Schweins is a quarterback, but from...
Begins tomorrow The largest fair of games in Latin America We will.... be every day in the WB Arena co...
New team. New tactic. Let's see if we can win some games.
Fifa as always being a wonderful game and no bugs pro wonderful clubs
🇧🇷 BR's players already checked on Xbox : , , , ,…
Grind on rivals, heading for division!!
Video New POTM Connect Future Investments POTMs ...
🇧🇷 BR players already checked this on PS4: , , , ,…
Exciting game!
ooh you could fix the bug in the career mode of the big teams using cast that...
Welcome to the FIRMINO CLUB | RUMO A GLORIA EPI | FIFA ULTIMATE has via ...
Good morning! Time for "Coffee with"! Just come to that morning review:
Verified did not come in this one, but it was almost by the level of the players and teams in this first WL... But all we're gonna do is...
We want better servers, especially in South America. It's a disrespect to us consumers that your service...
In the AI becomes relentless in the
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ATLÉTICO MADRID x CHELSEA GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gamepl...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ARSENAL x MONACO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ARSENAL x MONACO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ARSENAL x MONACO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ARSENAL x MONACO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL ARSENAL x MONACO GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL INTER x AJAX GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay ...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL INTER x AJAX GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay ...
FIFA UEFA SUPER CUP FINAL INTER x AJAX GAMEPLAY FIFA via Gameplay ...
Who myths?